All right. Tucker, I appreciate it. By the way, I'm only one studio over from Tucker.
Yes. You can hear me right across the room. All right, Tucker, thank you so much. And welcome to "Hannity."
And yes, we're broadcasting from the swamp, in other words, our nation's capital, Washington, DC. Tonight, Dr. Sebastian Gorka, Darryl Parks have a very powerful debate and you don't want to miss it. Also tonight, we made a promise to you. We'll going to hold Washington accountable. That is why we're here. Our exclusive sit-down interview with the Speaker of the House Paul Ryan. We will ask him about the Republican's new tax plan, President Trump's agenda and so much more.
But first, we're following two major breaking news stories tonight. The President did unveil the GOP tax plan that calls for massive cuts, sweeping reform. Is it enough? Will it help you? We'll explain what it means for you and your family. Also, the President, he is not backing down in the NFL anthem controversy and we have brand-new comments from the President.
We'll play that and he spoke exclusively with "FOX & FRIENDS WEEKEND" co- host Pete Hegseth. We will play all of that for you.
Also tonight, a HANNITY history lesson on how the left, the mainstream media, how they have been disrespecting the flag, the National Anthem and our military for years. I promise, you will not get this anywhere else on your television dial. We have all of that in tonight's very important breaking news opening monologue from D.C.
All right. So, President Trump is hitting the road today to outline details of his tax plan and how it is going to impact you and your families. Let's take a look.
Now, basically, the president, he is following through on what he promised you on the campaign trail. Now, here is what the president outlined today. He is going to consolidate the seven current brackets to just three brackets with new rates. Twelve, 25 and 35 percent. He is going to double the standard deduction, and if you are single, well, you are not going to pay taxes on the first $12,000 you make. If you're married, that increases to $24,000.
The child tax credit will also be expanded and he will repeal the alternative minimum tax and he will end the death tax, double taxation. Now the corporate rate will be lowered to 20 percent and he wants to create a 25 percent pass through tax rate which is going to help small business owners. And he is also calling for a very low repatriation tax, and that is a tax rate for multi-national corporations that targets money directly that's parked overseas because of the high taxation and regulation here, and that allows these multi-nationals to bring trillions back to the American economy.
So, let me explain. The corporate side of tax reform is so very important and here is why. When businesses pay higher taxes, it gets passed on to you, the customers. Corporations don't pay taxes. Now, if President Trump's plan is approved, all these companies will have billions of dollars, if not more, of extra money. They're not going to put it in their bank account. Guess what they're going to do? They'll going to invest, capital and manufacturing centers and factories, which will create jobs for the millions of forgotten men and women in this country. That's what we need, that's what we want, that's what many of you voted for.
And to add to that, the House Freedom Caucus, they are now supporting the president's plan. So basically everything that the President is proposing is designed to help grow the economy.
And the only thing I would add to the plan personally? Give a tax cut across the board and let everybody have it. And in many ways, it's a lot like what President Reagan did in the 1980s. Now, President Reagan, he created the blueprint for economic success, and it all adds up. Here are the facts.
Reagan, he slashed over the course of his presidency the top marginal rate from 70 to 28 percent. As a result, economic growth exploded. For example, 1984 GDP growth -- get this - hit 7.3 percent. Well, Barack Obama didn't reach three percent in a single year of his presidency, the only president in history not to do that. Twenty million jobs were created under Reagan after the recession. Revenues to the government doubled by cutting taxes. And America, it saw the longest period of peacetime economic growth in history to that point.
And if Americans, if you want more proof that works, well, just take a look at what happened when John F. Kennedy, a Democrat believe it or not, he cut the top marginal rate from 91 percent to 77 percent. Same thing, millions of jobs created, GDP growth soared.
But today, the left predictably, all they want to do despite all the tax cuts that the president is proposing for the middle class and corporations and small businesses, they do what they always do, right to the playbook. Let's play class warfare. Take a look.
Same boring talking points. And then you have the mainstream media -- an extension of the Democratic Party -- all they did was echo those talking points. Watch and listen to this.
They are just wrong, they don't know what they're talking about.
Now, the Trump hating Washington Post, a perfect example. They attacked the president's tax plan. Look at the headline what it says. "GOP proposes deep tax cuts but provides few details on how to pay for them."
Now, this is what the liberal press and people on the left will never, ever understand in spite of Reagan and Kennedy's success: The idea. It is not a zero sum game, you want to grow the economy. And if you do that, well, those people out of work and in poverty and on food stamps, they will have jobs and stop taking hand-outs and they'll start paying taxes. In other words, you incentivize people to work and pay taxes, you create an environment that is growth oriented for everybody. Democrats, the media, they just play class warfare. They have been doing it for decades.
Now, you have to remember this: Democrats and the mainstream left establishment media, they are not telling you that under President Obama -- they will never tell you this -- 13 million more Americans were on food stamps. Eight million more Americans were put in poverty. Ninety five million Americans were out of the labor force. Lowest labor participation rate since the 70s and the worst economic recovery since the 40s. Lowest homeownership rate in 51 years. And by the way, President Obama accumulated more debt than every other president before him combined. Great job, President Obama.
Now, they also don't want you to know that here is the facts, the rich that they hate so much, the top one percent of wage earners in America according to IRS, they pay 39.5 percent of all federal income taxes. Top 10 percent wage earners, they pay 70.9 percent of personal income taxes. So, it sounds like the rich are paying their fair share to me.
Now, the bottom 50 percent of wage earners, they pay 2.8 percent combined. And we can't forget, 35 percent of tax filers pay nothing, zero federal income tax. And under President Trump's plan, they will even pay less.
So, my advice to the GOP is very simple. Stay the course, follow the Reagan, the Kennedy models and stick to the plan that the President is proposing.
Now also tonight, President Trump, he is not backing down in his fight to defend the flag, the National Anthem and stand up for our military. Now, the President called out the NFL National Anthem protesters once again. Good for him, take a look.
Now, as the President keep saying, this issue is very simple, it's about respect. He never once mentioned race, not one time despite what the liberal media is saying to you when they lie to you. Now the military fights, you know what? They fight, bleed and die, why? So football players and others will have the opportunity. And in the case of football players, to make millions of dollars for playing a sport on Sundays.
Now members of the military that puts everything on the line every single day for all of our freedoms. They don't do it for the money, they don't get paid a lot on average. Privates make $40,000 a year. Football players on average makes over 2.4 million a year. And by the way, the guys in the military, they don't do it for recognition, they do it because they love the country and they are willing to fight and die defending the country and they fight under that flag.
You know what at a bare minimum, every single American should stand with their hand over their hearts during the National Anthem and honor them. The veterans, active duty military members, do they not deserve that honor? Is showing respect to the military, is that really too much to ask? And as I've been saying, until the NFL fixes this, addresses this issue right now Saturday is my football day. I'll watch college football and I think millions of Americans will be doing the same.
And as you can see, they'll going to stop watching. According to a new poll, 64 percent of you the American people agree with the President's position that this is completely out of line. Ratings for the NFL already down 11 percent just compared to last year which was a low year for them. We're also seeing more fallout from the NFL controversy. The National Anthem singer for the Baltimore Ravens, veterans, Joey Odoms, he has now resigned and now a CEO that provides the wardrobe for NBC's on-air talent said, he is no longer do that and he is also pulling his ads from stations that broadcast NFL games.
Taya Kyle, remember the widow of American hero, Navy SEAL Chris Kyle. She is now speaking out with a very powerful open letter to the NFL. Let me read part of it to you. It says, "Your desire to focus on division and anger has shattered what many people loved the most about the sport. Football was really a metaphor for an ideal world. Different backgrounds, talents, political beliefs and histories as one big team with one big goal, to do well, to win together."
I'll sum it up perfectly. Sports are supposed to be the one thing that can unite us. An escape from politics. Americans don't want to see players disrespecting the flag, not standing for the anthem and making cheap political points. By the way, what is their big political point? Is it one universal point? And the NFL, they also continue to be exposed as total hypocrites.
Take a look at this quote, from an article written by Mark Thiessen, "The NFL gave operations manual," get this because they're all rules, it says, quote, "all players must be on the sideline for the National Anthem. They must stand at attention. They must face the flag, hold helmets in their left hand and refrain from talking or face discipline such as fines, suspensions, and/or the forfeiture of draft choices."
And by the way, that's first offense. And there is the mainstream media, they are just pathetic. And despite the President clearly stating again and again and again and again that his criticism of the NFL has nothing to do with race, the media, they are engaging in identity politics. So predictable, so pathetic and they lie almost on an hourly basis. It is so bad the information crisis in this country. Take a look.
To destroy Trump media, you know what, does like always, they've been so quick to jump and race to judgment like they always do and just trash the President. And frankly, what are they doing? They are defending those disrespecting the flag, the anthem and the military. You know what? It's time for Hannity history lesson. For all of you people at MSNBC, the conspiracy network, fake news CNN, try and keep up with this. You know what?
You in the media, you like to always -- all you want to do is trash the President. What is he doing? He is defending those who respect the flag, the anthem and those that fought under that flag. This shouldn't come as a surprise. You guys on the left. You know what, journalists, frankly, have been mocking the National Anthem and we haven't been paying attention for years. Let me give you an example. Former liberal, CNN, MSNBC, fake news host Bill Press, one of their employees said this, listen to this, just a couple of years ago.
I'm embarrassed every time I hear the National Anthem? Wow. And he worked for CNN and NBC? Whoof! Now, other members of the liberal mainstream media, they have said similar things. They have bashed patriotic Americans who do salute and honor the flag. Let's take a look. Liberal Bill Moyers, PBS. Can we help fund them? Take a listen.
So said, what a pompous ass. And former NBC News anchor Tom Brokaw, he once said, he didn't think journalist should be wearing an American flag. Isn't Americans first? And former ABC News anchor, remember my buddy, Ted Koppel, Mr. interview me for 51 minutes and show 70 seconds of him looking great? He almost said the same thing.
It is a blatant display of disrespect from people in the NFL and the media. If it's perfectly into their rigid, left wing ideology I don't get. Rush Limbaugh was going to be with us tomorrow. He said this earlier this week that the NFL has now become a tool of the left. How sad is this? But it's true, watch.
Here is what we all need to ask ourselves tonight. All right? What are the goals of the NFL National Anthem protestors? Does anybody know? Is anyone going to talk about the NFL's inconsistencies on free speech and their flat out hypocrisy? Are we going to talk about the billions of hard-earned tax dollars that go to the NFL so they can build their stadiums and the money that the league literally was taking from the military so the league can honor the vets they are being paid to honor them?
You know what? And that was before of course, they were publicly shamed. So, who are the divisive people here? Who are the really divisive people? Is it the NFL or is it the President? The left or the President? The media or the President?
Here now with reaction, chief strategist for the Make America Great Again coalition, Dr. Sebastian Gorka and civil rights attorney Daryl Parks. Daryl, let's start with you. Your thoughts.
Daryl, isn't he bringing us together saying, don't disrespect the flag and the anthem and don't disrespect those who bled and died under the flag and respect the flag, respect the anthem, respect your country, respect the military. That's what he is saying.
Sean, let me say this to you. But he also has to say, why are the people feeling this way? Why are they feeling inequality exists? What can he as the President do to address this? That's the question for the President.
Dr. Gorka?
Daryl, you were wrong on Trayvon Martin. You were wrong and what the outcome would be. You were wrong in Ferguson. And a lot of people wrong in Baltimore. Cambridge police didn't ask stupidly, did they? Dr. Gorka.
But that's what he just said.
Dr. Gorka, you just said that.
What did Obama do with all these deaths and shootings at record numbers? Nothing. Nothing. He didn't go to his home city. He mentioned it like three times in his presidency.
All right. Thank you both. Powerful debate. I appreciate it. When we come back, holding Washington accountable. Speaker of the House Paul Ryan. And breaking tonight, new comments from President Trump on the NFL. He spoke to Pete Hegseth. We'll going to give you a preview of that only here on HANNITY tonight.
All right. That was the President earlier today announcing his tax reform proposal. Tonight, we went to the capitol where we spoke with the Speaker of the House Paul Ryan. Take a look.
Mr. Speaker, how are you?
Great to be here, I think, well, this is the swamp.
That's true, that's true. We're not on K Street or in the Senate. Let me start with today's plan. This is going to impact a lot of people. First question everyone is asking me, are they going to get it done? Is this going to happen? Is the Senate going to get it done?
We'll get to the process in a second. Let's go over the plan. Seven brackets to three. Middle class tax cuts.
Standard deductions, childcare tax cut has expanded. You eliminate the alternative minimum tax. Corporate rate 20 percent. The President said he wanted 15 when he was running. 22.5 is the industrial --
Average. Okay.
Right. And then repatriation of trillions overseas to incentivize them to bring money over.
And you put it on a postcard or do it online. Explain. Give more detail.
31 years. It's fine. Go on.
Let me go to criticisms right off the top. Some people say why not across the board states like for example when you move the state, local income deduction. I live in New York, I pay 10 percent federal tax. California 13.5 percent. No longer deductible. So while their rate may be lower they'll end up paying more.
You acknowledge people in states that are taxing on a bigger government
I love the corporate tax, corporations can then invest and manufacturing centers and factories and create jobs. I love the repatriation, because again that is trillions of dollars parked overseas. Hopefully they will invest in Wisconsin, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and states that are depressed. But the one thing that I thought was a little different from the Reagan tax cut, he went from 70 percent to 28 percent the top marginal rate.
Over the course of his presidency. And it seems, that wouldn't that be another part of the equation? In other words, it's all about growth.
I have a "Washington Post" article today. GOP proposes deep tax cuts, provides few details on how to pay for them. I can answer that question. It's about growth. Wouldn't cutting everybody's taxes when the top 10 percent already pay 70 percent of the bill, the bottom 50 percent basically pay none?
When we come back the speaker talks about President Trump and Mitch McConnell. Why can't they do a thing in the senate? Also, brand new comments from President Trump about the NFL. He spoke to our own Pete Hegseth. We'll give you a preview straight ahead.
My interview with Speaker of the House Paul Ryan.
When I was here in February, I asked you very specifically, you gave me a 200-day agenda. You said we would repeal and replace. You said, that refugees build the wall. Not education right away. The house as accomplished a lot more than the senate. I understand that you can claim success but if Mitch McConnell can't even appoint 2/3 of the President's appointees nine months in and Mitch McConnell and you have passed 270 some odd bills that he hasn't taken up.
You have the different administration.
Did you talk to Mitch McConnell?
With all due respect, they aren't doing a lot of that.
What about-shouldn't they - just a simple majority in the senate?
Did you ever asked McConnell that?
What do you do to get the votes to get that done? Isn't he in charge of the rules?
But there is -- so how does this painted though by the senate? You know what congress's approval rating? Yours is double what the approval rating of this congresses. Congress is 15 percent. I think -- in fairness to you, you will talk to me. Mitch McConnell won't even take my call. I think the audience that I hear from every day and they write and they write me on social media and they email and they -- they are voicing their frustration. Congress's approval rating 15 percent. They want to know this is going to get done.
You don't want it?
You believe the house is tainted by the (inaudible) --
How frustrating was it for you to see John McCain who promise a hundred times to repeal, because I'm frustrated.
By the way, it wasn't easy.
Let's talk about congress and the President. I know people that sit in senate, private closed door meetings and they write me what's said. I will give you names, John McCain, 10 or 12 Senators that don't want the President to succeed, Republican Senators that openly trash the President. What is your relationship with him?
Are you happy with his presidency?
I have not heard it from house members.
You think anything on the agenda that is not conservative?
Any big disagreement you have with him?
So it really comes down to the senate. That senate is where people need to focus their attention.
Will it be done by December? My last question.
Is that a yes?
All right.
Everyone is on board.
Last question. When you -- when you show the chart that you guys have passed record number of bills and you show that the house has passed these laws, you feel you are treated -- you think you're grouped in because of the senate's failure?
Holding Washington accountable. When we come back, what is the military, those that fought, bled, died, those that love their country, what do they think of the NFL controversy? That is next.
Welcome back to "Hannity" from Washington D.C. Earlier tonight, President Trump spoke with "Fox & Friends" weekend host Pete Hegseth about the NFL controversy, what does the military think? Anyway here is what he said.
The rest of that interview with President Trump will air tomorrow morning on "Fox & Friends." You don't want to miss that. Joining me now with Pete Hegseth is with us, U.S. Army vet Brett Velicovich is with us. All right Pete let's start with you, today is simple, it's about the flag, the anthem, the country, respect for those that fought, bled and died some of them fighting under that flag. Simple.
You know Brett, you wrote drone warrior and become a best seller and turned into a movie, which is awesome for you. I really think people we haven't listened to are you and Pete.
The worst part was the Ravens and Jaguars. They play in Great Britain. They kneel for the national anthem but stand for God Save the Queen? I'm like wow.
Every friend I have is in your corner.
We could do so many different examples. Pete, you look at Kaepernick. He had cops depicted as pigs on his socks and R.J. I was a huge fan of his gets in trouble for wearing a shirt that says no life in Jesus and a reebok shirt. You can't even honor the slain officers in Dallas. That is against the rules.
I was going to ask you where it ends. What about the Olympics? Are we going to have to see as our country is standing up there getting their medals people sitting in the stands? We're the beacon of freedom as Americans.
And look at how expensive it is. Nearly $100 a ticket. Family of four, $500. Parking, two beers, two hot dogs, four hot dogs and you're out $700 or $800. A lot of money, Pete.
Guys good to see you both, congrats on the movie and you're your book, don't forget "Fox & Friends" tomorrow 6-9 right here on Fox News, Pete's interview with the President. More "Hannity" straight ahead.
All right quick programming note. Yes, an exclusive one-on-one interview with Rush Limbaugh, rare and an opportunity to hear from the king of conservatism himself. That is tomorrow at 9:00 Eastern. Don't forget our new time here on the Fox News channel. Please tell your friends. Please set your DVR. And we really appreciate you being with us. Thanks for all of your support. Remember this show is not abusively bias, left wing, ideological destroy Trump media. We will be fair and balanced. Stay tuned, Dana Perino is coming up next. She is hosting Fox News live tonight and Dana, congratulations on your new show.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 2  ***************************************************
 All right. Tonight, we start with President Barack Obama ignoring a major warning in 2014 that Russia would try to, in fact, interfere in America's elections. So, what did Obama do in 2016, 2015, 2014? Did he even try to stop it?
Absolutely not. Instead, just weeks before the election, listen to what then President Obama said.
No serious person? Really, Barack Obama?
He owes you the American people tonight an explanation why didn't he know. And better yet, how did he not know when he was warned in 2014. That sounds like a dereliction of duty.
So, it's time for President Obama to start talking maybe even under oath.
And now that you have that important background information, it makes sense why the president is firing back against this completely biased news media in this country and the Democratic Party that have wanted to destroy him from day one over this phony Russia collusion conspiracy theory.
The facts did not matter to the left. They have now managed to convince themselves by repeating their talking points and their echo chamber had somehow in some way President Trump colluded with the Russians, even though as we have repeatedly pointed out long over a year to this day, there is no evidence of Trump-Russia collusion.
The only concrete evidence of collusion with Russia that we have is Hillary Clinton and are bought and paid for dossier that's filled with Russian lies, Russian government lies and propaganda and salacious details that were never verified. She used that, bought that to influence an election.
So just like he always does, President Trump, he's fighting back and he's fighting back on Twitter to react to Mueller's indictment of these 13 Russian nationals for the 2016 election meddling.
The president writes, quote: How funny that the fake news media doesn't want to say the Russian group was formed in 2014, long before my run for president. Maybe they knew I was going to run even though I did not know.
Robert Mueller's indictment clearly lays out that this Russian attempt to influence the election, it started in 2014 under Obama's watch and he was warned and he did nothing to stop it. In fact, by the way, go back to 2012, during a presidential debate. Remember Barack Obama mocking Mitt Romney for saying Russia still posed a very serious foreign policy threat. Mitt Romney was right. Obama was wrong, and, of course, the media ignored all the key facts and findings in the Mueller indictment.
You in the media, you corrupt people in the media, you need to listen closely, very closely to what the Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein said while announcing the charges on Friday, pay very close attention.
You may actually learn something.
Wait, did I just hear it? No Americans were wittingly involved in this Russian effort.
Now, the main goal of Russia was to sow widespread political discord, and after the election, these Russians cyber trolls, what did they do? They were trying to undermine the President-elect Donald Trump. They were organizing dueling Trump rallies in New York City and an anti-Trump rally in Charlotte, North Carolina, instead of focusing what is actually in this Mueller indictment what Rob Rosenstein said that corrupt media of yours, they're trying to use it to further their fake news Russia conspiracy narrative.
Take a look, we have the proof.
He's the dumbest attorney on TV.
What the destroyed Trump media also missed were key points and pieces of information about what is not in the Mueller indictment. It has nothing about Donald Trump colluding with the Russians. By the way, we still have zero evidence -- I'm waiting. It says nothing about members of the Trump campaign colluding with the Russians. It says nothing about Donald Trump Jr. colluding with the Russians. It says nothing about the president obstructing justice.
Liberal media, are you paying attention? Do you even care about the truth?
President Trump has been saying that fact over and over and over again. Take a look.
The president also tweeted this weekend, quote, I never said Russia did not meddle in the election. I said, it may be Russia or China or another country or group or it may be a 400-pound genius sitting in bed and playing with his computer. The Russian hoax was that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia and it never did.
And then he added, quote: If it was the goal of Russia to create discord, disruption, chaos within the U.S., then with all the committee hearings, investigations and party hatred, they have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams. They are laughing their asses off in Moscow. Get smart, America!
Think about it, the president's right. For over a year, Russia has in fact been laughing at us. Democrats, the media have been playing right into Putin's hands by creating chaos and political discord just what they wanted, and frankly, it's working better than Russia could have ever dreamed up. That is what this Russian effort was all about -- causing chaos political unrest in this country.
'The Washington Examiner's' Byron York, he'll join us later tonight. He is out with a great article which is entitled a non-alarmist reading of the Mueller-Russia indictment. In the piece, York makes some very key points, namely, that Russians started all of this in 2014. Donald Trump wasn't running.
The focus was on damaging Hillary Clinton, remember, because everyone thought she was going to win. All of you in the media, you were laughing at the idea of Donald Trump running.
Byron York also cites figures from the Senate Intelligence Committee that in the key battleground states of Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania, the Russians only spent $3,000 on Facebook ads. Also, the indictment is very vague about how much these Russian trolls spent on social media ads, it only says they spent, quote, thousands every month.
That number is small when you compare it to the combined $2.4 billion that the Clinton and Trump campaign spent during the election, mostly Clinton. That's not that much money.
Also, tonight, a Facebook executive he's sounding off about the Russia investigation. His name is Rob Goldman. He's the vice president of advertising at Facebook.
He set the record straight on Twitter over the weekend, writing, quote: The majority of the Russian ads spent happened after the election. We shared that fact, but very few outlets have covered it because it doesn't align with the main media narrative of Trump and the election.
And he goes on, quote, the main goal of the Russian propaganda and misinformation effort is to divide America by using our institutions like freedom of speech, social media against us it is stoke fear and hatred amongst Americans. It is working incredibly well. We are quite divided as a nation.
Even Facebook is throwing cold water on the media's fake news narrative about Mueller's indictment.
Let's get back to Obama's failure to stop this Russian interference. Congressman Devin Nunes back in 2014, he raised a red flag that, yes, Vladimir Putin needed to be watched closely. But Obama didn't seem to care, and even two weeks before the election, he's lecturing Trump, stop whining, it could never happen here.
Remember, as NBC News pointed out, Obama didn't do more to combat Russia, he thought Hillary was a shoo-in. Why interrupt this?
And what's even more disturbing is that there were even earlier warning signs from Russia. We have been telling you on this program how Vladimir Putin had Russian operatives inside America, right here on our soil, and how they were involved in a sophisticated plot. It started in 2009. It had a main objective to get a foothold in America's uranium market. We actually had an FBI informant. We now know his name, Douglas Campbell.
And we've been telling you about this guy. This guy now has testified before three congressional committees and literally, he was uncovering at the time in 2009 and '10 that Putin and his operatives were involved in bribery and kickbacks and money laundering and racketeering and extortion, all while corrupt Uranium One deal that was all being approved 18 months later. He couldn't understand why they didn't take intelligence.
And that gave Russia a hostile foreign actor, control of 20 percent of America's uranium? Who would be this stupid to do this?
Well, apparently, Obama and Hillary Clinton and Eric Holder and then at the time, the FBI Director Robert Mueller. And, by the way, Mueller when are you going to answer questions about this? America, already, we don't have enough uranium, the foundational material for nuclear weapons. Why would we give 20 percent to a hostile nation Russia and a hostile actor Putin? It never made sense, it doesn't make sense.
And here we are years later and the media the Democrats, they are shocked. They're just flabbergasted that Russia would ever even dare to try to influence our election even though as I just explained, they were easily able to be involved in bribery, extortion, kickbacks, money laundering and secure 20 percent of America's uranium. Why would they stop? They already know we're being stupid.
Plus, has the left forgotten what President Obama tried to do to Israel? Oh, influencing elections is wrong? Tell that to the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, America's closest ally in the Middle East. Remember the congressional investigation found that back in 2014, an Israeli political group used $300,000 taxpayer dollars, the Obama State Department in a grant to create a political apparatus to try and defeat our closest ally in the Middle East, the Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu.
And it doesn't stop there. The U.S., if it's so wrong, we've been involved in influencing elections that dates back to places like Italy, Iran, Guatemala, Chile, Nicaragua and those are just a few examples.
And take a look at what the former CIA Director James Woolsey told Laura Ingraham about the U.S. and how we interfere in foreign elections. Take a look.
Let me be clear: I'm not saying America should not be doing this. I do believe we ought to be doing this on a regular basis. I believe in intelligence. I believe in covert operations, plausible deniability, I believe in at all. Thank God we have good people in the CIA, the intelligence community, FBI, and others, military that are doing this every day.
But it's beyond naive to think that this wouldn't happen to us especially given Russia's success with Uranium One back in 2009 and `10. And another, by the way, is, you know, acting surprised by the Russian election meddling, all these people in the media, they're either flat-out lying to you or they're just totally ignorant, you pick. Either the Obama administration was not prepared for Russian trying to interfere in our election or his administration made a choice to ignore the threat? Probably the latter, probably because they thought Hillary was going to win. It's that simple.
And that's why President Obama tonight, if you really care about this, owes you the American people an explanation. Also breaking at this hour, now that Robert Mueller is indicted the 13 Russian nationals, very serious legal questions of being raised about Hillary Clinton, about the DNC, about the law firm Perkins Coie, about Fusion GPS, and about that former British spy Christopher Steele.
Think about this -- look at this headline from the website law and crime. Quote: does Mueller indictment mean Clinton campaign can be indicted for Christopher Steele?
Wait a minute, is there a double standard? The article makes some fascinating legal points. For example, Robert Mueller indicted the Russian trolls in part for failing to register as foreign agents and for not reporting their activities to the Federal Elections Commission. OK, if that's the legal standard that Robert Mueller is set up, fine. Then the special counsel should also be looking into Hillary Clinton, the DNC, Fusion GPS, Perkins Coie and Christopher Steele.
And here's why, Steele is a foreign citizen, a former British spy. He was paid by Fusion GPS through that law firm Perkins Coie, the law firm tied to the Clinton campaign and the DNC. We've not seen anything to suggest that Steele was a registered foreign agent that he reported to the FCC that he was being compensated. OK, if that's all true given that information, well, that would mean the Fusion GPS, Perkins Coie, the DNC, the Clinton campaign and Christopher Steele should all be in serious legal jeopardy. At a very minimum, Mueller should be investigating them, or is there a double standard, Mr. Mueller?
There's already been a complaint filed with the FEC against the Clinton campaign and the DNC, accusing them of violating campaign finance laws for failing to disclose the up to $12 million that was shelled out to fund the dossier, and we know that the dossier was used to influence the election. That was the whole point, to use lies to manipulate you the American people.
We also know now that was also used by the FBI to get that FISA warrant to spy on the Trump campaign and in an election year in opposition party candidate.
That is the only evidence we have after over a year going on a year and a half of Russian collusion in 2016 that we know exists.
Here with reaction, FOX News contributor, investigative reporter, Sarah Carter, civil rights, criminal defense attorney David Schoen, FOX News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett.
What about that legal argument?
That's her campaign money.
It's -- Sara, I want to bring you into this and then we'll get David's take on this, because you have a piece about Andrew Weissmann. I also -- I also want to investigate Robert Mueller now, because if that is the argument that they're using against the Russian nationals, why wouldn't apply here but then again look at the team he appointed your breaking news article about Andrew Weissmann.
All right. And, David Schoen, you actually met -- we expect the inspector general report but Mr. Horowitz to come out next month, but maybe in a couple of weeks. You met with him and you have actually spoken at length with law enforcement officials about the tactics of what "The New York Times" calls Robert Mueller's pit bull, Andrew Weissmann.
Yes, verified, and they didn't tell who paying for it, did they?
Let me ask you see this.
Go ahead, finish your thought.
You can't withhold exculpatory evidence.
Unbelievable.
All right. Thank you all. It's amazing.
When we come back, I'm sorry, Michelle Malkin straight ahead.
All right. Following Friday's special counsel indictment of 13 Russians, the liberal mainstream destroy Trump media went out of their way to attack the president as they usually do and cast an ominous shadow over the future of the Trump administration. Doom, gloom hysteria daily, and they've been wrong the whole time.
Some of the dumbest people who work in this profession.
Joining us now, 'Michelle Malkin Investigates' CRTV, Michelle Malkin.
So corrupt. It's all boomerang back. Exit 2018 would be the year of the boomerang as it relates to these issues. Michelle, as always, thank you. When we come back, the Attorney General tonight made a huge announcement about potential Obama era surveillance abuses. We will explain straight ahead.
The Attorney General Jeff Sessions made a major announcement yesterday in an interview right here on the Fox News channel. Sessions told Maria Bartiromo that the Justice Department will be investigating potential FISA abuses committed by the Obama administration. Finally. Take a look.
Now with reaction with the Washington examiner Fox News contributor Byron York and former deputy assistance to the president Fox news national security analyst Sebastian Gorka. It's very interesting, because we learn first and broke it here on those programs Sebastian that Jeff Sessions never recused himself from the uranium one issue. A few weeks back, lo and behold, we had another indictment. Everyone thought that was a dead issue. I think Hillary talking point is that was been adjudicated, wrong. That is ongoing. What I'm hearing is that if you lie to a FISA Judge, you withhold information, and a footnote that says it might have some political connections is not that the other candidate paid for these lies. So I took that to be a very serious shot across the bow.
All right. Let me go to Byron, you had a great column out. Last night is when I first saw, by the way your website, the Washington Examiner website is horrible. I had to get you to cut and paste it to send it to me. Every time I click on it, that smoking thing comes up again and again. It drives me nuts. I want you to go through this. If you really look at the Mueller indictment the way you are looking at it, it's not what people think is it?
Facts and context and texture mean an awful lot. Except it doesn't fit the media narrative. That is great reporting on your part. Let go back to you, Sebastian, because this is now, what goes to the heart of this for me? Everybody is so sanctimoniously and in their pompous arrogance talks about this Russian influence. Ok. We can't talk about Russian influence and ignore uranium one. We can talk about Russian influence and ignore the Hillary Clinton bought and paid for Russian government dossier, can we.
Last word, Byron.
Your reporting has stood very much independent and apart from the herd if you will, those that live in that media bubble. Thank you both, we appreciate it. When we come back, Rush Limbaugh on what the rush of probe is really all about. You don't want to miss this next.
Rush Limbaugh sat down with an interview on Fox News Sunday yesterday where he had some very strong words about this Russian probe and what he believes the real reason is for this. Take a watch.
Dead on. Former secret service agent Dan Bongino, Civil right attorney Daryl Parks join us. Daryl, does Russian involvement in the United States, did that bother you?
Does a body that Hillary's campaign, the DNC paid $12 million to what turned out to be Russian lies to manipulate the American people before the election, does that bother you?
The Russian dossier is filled with lies about Donald Trump. It was never verified and used for a FISA warrant. Is that part of the Russian interference bother you that she paid Russia and even Russian government sources for those lies, does that bother you?
I'm trying to find consistent. Does it bother you that Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama's administration, that we knew Putin had operatives in America, does it bother you that Putin and his hostile regime got 20 percent of the uranium rights in America and that the Clintons got a lot of money. Should we be concerned about that Russian interference? Does that bother you?
Yes, Bill Clinton doubled his speaking fees and all the people involved in the deal kickback money to the Clinton foundation, Dan Bongino.
Isn't it interesting that the bank that paying Clinton and it's connected to Russia, their nuclear group that they have there, isn't it interesting that doubled Bill Clinton speaking fee for that speech at that very critical time? That doesn't seem fishy to you? Doesn't not seem fishy to you that all the people involved in that deal, and Canada, all these other people that they were throwing money at the Clinton foundation and they needed Hillary to sign off on that deal that gave uranium 120 percent of our control took Putin?
I don't need to be careful about. I'm telling the truth.
I think what I'm hearing is you only care about Trump and Russia. Do you have any evidence that you can tell Dan Bongino tonight? Any evidence on Trump Russia collusion? It's been a year and a half. What is it?
You guys want to bet on this?
If after 18 months you can give me any evidence of Trump-Russia collusion, can you?
That is what the media has been telling us. Give me any evidence you got. Whatever you got.
The bottom line is you have none. You don't have any.
All right. Time for our video of the day. When you book a cruise for a family vacation, you expect sun and fun and swimming, some tropical drinks, but you probably don't expect a massive brawl to break out, but that is exactly what happened on board a cruise in the South Pacifica last week, and according to the witnesses, the massive fight, which spanned on for over three days -- what are they doing -- involved 23 people, and guess what? They were all reportedly from the same family. Finally after three days of chaos, the cruise stopped early in Australia and police had to remove all 23.
Thank you. By the way, I started as a dishwasher, then cook, then bus boy then bartender and then construction I work my way up. We will always be fair and balanced. Let not your heart be troubled. Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 3  ***************************************************
 Is he like Strzok compromise. Is he a Trump hater? Because I interpret that as being a Trump hater and a Hillary supporter.
Unbelievable.
Sara Carter, you began this all last night with this guy Strzok and literally, you know, him being removed, now he found out tonight that the girlfriend is remove and we found out that the number one hit man with the most atrocious unethical background and record and failure Andrew Weismann. Why was he ever appointed by Robert Mueller with that background? A 9-0 decision. The Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals.
I am, too. Greg Jarrett, you are saying tonight in a column that Andrew Weissmann must resign or be fired immediately. I don't even -- why was this man either hired with that atrocious -- he wrecked tens of thousands of people's lives. Innocent people went to jail because of Andrew Weissmann. Robert Mueller had to know this.
Who can do it?
Tom, respond to that.
Between the role of Strzok, Sara, and the role of Comey and the role of everybody else here, Comey writing the letter and Strzok, you know, editing the letter. They would exonerate Hilary before they did the investigation. That renders that investigation meaningless to me. Where is the Attorney General? Where is the Special Counsel to do a real investigation? Because we know crimes were committed in this particular case.
Hearing rumors, it's coming as soon as for this week, perhaps.
And it really is, I have got to lay the foundation and then give the new information. So, this is complicated but it is obvious what is going on, Gregg.
And Comey. That to me is obstruction.
It is a national disgrace.
The Mueller's team is a national disgrace. It is a travesty of justice. It is a travesty to exonerate somebody for political purposes and literally before the investigations is done.
I'm just out of time.
We will have you all back. I promise. We are not letting up.
Now, when we come back, we'll talk to Harvard constitutional law professor, we don't always agree. Alan Dershowitz. He has a strong warning tonight for Robert Mueller.
Also, breaking tonight, new charges have been filed against that illegal immigrant who killed Kate Steinle on that pier in San Francisco? Will justice finally be served? And the President keeps saying massive campaign promise about Israel. We'll check in with Ed Henry. And we'll go to Washington for the latest details, straight ahead.
This is a Fox News alert, just moments ago, we learned that federal officials have in fact filed brand new immigration and gun charges against Jose Garcia Zarate, the illegal immigrant responsible for the death of Kate Steinle. Now, he is acquitted of murder and voluntary manslaughter last week. We will have more updates throughout the night as the story unfolds.
Also tonight, we are following another big story. The President is following through a major campaign promise involving one of our closest allies, the state of Israel. This is big news tonight. Ed Henry is live in DC with the details. Ed --
As a big supporter of Israel, I have known for years, I believe this is the right thing to do, what is happening?
All right. Ed Henry in Washington. Thank you, Ed. Joining us now, the author of the book, "Trumped Up: How Criminalization of Political Differences Endangers Democracy." Harvard Law School Professor Alan Dershowitz is with us.
Professor, good to see you. Thanks for being back.
Let me go to this story. It is too important issue and I know you and I agreed on over the years. Most Americans, we give the Palestinians money, they pay families money of those who kill Israelis and American. That is outrageous waste of tax payer dollars.
Agreed. Let us go Democratic Senate and ranking member of the senate judiciary Dianne Feinstein claiming obstruction of justice case against the President you had very strong reaction to that. Is it possible people sight that Nixon and they sight the Clinton affair? Is there obstruction of justice and can you sight that against a sitting President?
Let me ask you about this guy particular - you have this guy Strzok and you have, I believe somebody -- I find his record atrocious, Andrew Weissmann and the team that Robert Mueller put together. In the case of James Comey and this guy, Strzok, how can you possibly be drafting an exoneration of Hillary Clinton before the investigation was ever -- not only ever completed but the key people in the investigation including Hillary were not interviewed up to that point. How is that possible? Does that mean that needs to be relitigate or reinvestigated?
Let me ask you. If you had 33,000 subpoenaed e-mails or I had 33,000 subpoenaed e-mails and I decided I will delete them and decided a will acid wash the hard drives and somebody that works for me will bust up the black berries, I think I would be calling you and say, Alan Dershowitz, you may disagree with some of my politics, but I need to you defend me, I don't think any other American will get away with that, isn't that obstruction.
I actually think we have to be careful. I'm not disagreeing with you. If 33,000 e-mails had been subpoenaed and you delete them and not only you delete them you acid wash and bleach pit them and destroy the other devices that maybe on, that does not show intention to you?
Professor, thank you. I appreciate you being with us. When we come back, Catherine Herridge has an important explosive new report on the FBI's investigation in to Hillary Clinton last year and also whether Peter Strzok gave her and James Comey gave her a free pass. That and more as we continue our investigation tonight on Hannity.
Tonight we are getting new information regarding the FBI agent who was fired from the Mueller probe. Peter Strzok specifically, we are learning more about his involvement. In the 2016 investigation into Hillary's private e-mail server. Our own Catherine Herridge has the very latest tonight from Washington. Catherine.
All right, Catherine thank you from Washington. Now both of my next guests are involved with the investigation in the Hillary Clinton e- mail server scandal. Joining us now former intelligence community inspector general Charles McCullough and former Republican congressman, chairman of the house oversight committee, Fox news contributor Jason Chaffetz. Mr. Charles McCullough let's talk about you and the Clinton campaign planning to fire you -- and over the probe -- and much more. Tell us about that experience?
Look what we have now the fix was in. Exoneration before an investigation that is called, fixing a case that would send Sean Hannity and maybe everybody, but Jason to jail, right?
Former congressman you are a talk show host, far more better position. Let me take you back July 7 2016 you interviewing, asking questions of James Comey. This is critical this exchange.
And that happened. Did Hillary lie? And what -- James Comey knowing now he had long been involved in writing and drafting exoneration of Hillary before he even interviewed her.
Unbelievable. Would you have to new redo this investigation knowing what we know now about how the fix was in?
What do you make of Mr. Strzok and now we find he interviewed Huma Abedin and Cheryl Mills and -- all of these other people and he had a pro-Clinton, anti-Trump biased and then he was part of the General Flynn interrogation which we are now learning that Peter Strzok. The FBI did not tell him it was an investigation -- what do you make of -- what do you make of all of that how could somebody that abusively biased and Andrew Weissmann ever be appointed by Robert Mueller?
She was on Mueller team.
She was another anti Trump person in the Mueller team, we learned tonight. All right. Thank you, both. We appreciate it. We are going to stay on this. When we come back. Liberal morning Joe, well he continues to have emotional break down, one after another exposing themselves the hacks they are on that network. Later you will not believe what Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi thinks is going to kill all of you. And other Democrats. You are going to die.
All right conspiracy TV MSNBC liberal Joe speculating that President Trump's team will go to jail for the rest of their lives. Think of it. Watch this.
Stress of it all. Now that is author and radio American talk show host Dana Loesch, civil rights attorney Darryl Parks. It is so entertaining to watch the emotional breakdown that they both sharing together every day in the national platform. It is almost not quite worth watching just for the emotional catharsis you see every day. They need group therapy on television. Dana?
Sorry.
Supreme Court justices.
You know, I know you are a lawyer. You have a problem if they didn't finish an investigation that they are writing an exoneration letter. Are you concerned that Robert Mueller has put people that the histories of unethical conduct that have ruined people's lives on his team and people on his team that are pro-Hillary or anti Trump does that bother you in the pursuit of justice, in a pursuit of truth.
I didn't ask you that. I asked you if these conflicts bother you.
Yes, yes, yes. I know my question.
Could you give me pro-Clinton anti Trump and express the opinion, you can write an exoneration before the investigation and as a lawyer you are cool with that.
Answer. Come on. Daryl answer that.
They wrote the exoneration before they did the investigation.
All right. Dana quick update. I love how you are pro-second amendment. There is something big this week I want to get this in.
I got to go. When we come back. Thank you both, that is tomorrow. Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi is insane. We will prove it.
Before we go, I've got to share Nancy Pelosi's ridiculous, insane reaction to the GOP Tax cut plan watch this.
Let me get this straight, you are all going to die, because you are paying less in taxes. We are all going to die because Nancy Pelosi won't have more of your money. Wow. Amazing. All right. Thanks for being with us. Let not your heart be troubled, the news continues, but we will never be the destroyed Trumpet media. The show will always be fair and balanced. We have a very important show tomorrow night. Hope you joins us. Laura Ingraham is standing live by in Washington, D.C. Did everyone vote on the picture that I - you know I like the pigtails.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 4  ***************************************************
 Now, after President Trump's comments on Friday and over the weekend, many NFL players, coaches and owners responded in a massive protest. One in eight NFL players did not stand for the National Anthem. Three teams, they even refused to take the field during the Star Spangled Banner. And one Pittsburgh Steelers player Alejandro Villanueva, a former army ranger, he was brave enough to defy his coach and his entire team and stand proudly for the National Anthem. I'm going to have something to say about him later in the program.
Now, two National Anthem performers, even they took a knee while singing. And multiple owners in a statement condemning President Trump, why for daring to call players out?
Let me tell you the facts here: This is beyond disrespectful to the country, to the men and women, the millions who have fought, bled, died, were injured defending and fighting under that flag. Look, NFL players, you want to protest, go knock yourselves out. But when you disrespect the flag, you're doing nothing for the people in this country to advance the ball for the forgotten men and women that are suffering. And frankly, you're spitting in the eye of every service member who did serve, fight, bleed and die under that flag. And what's even more sad, a Pittsburgh Steelers player, a former Army Ranger, Alejandro Villanueva, he was even criticized by his own coach. After the game, his own coach, Mike Tomlin said this. Take a look:
Now, as I said, we'll have more on Alejandro later in the program. Surprise to say, his jersey skyrocketed to No. 1 on NFL.com. That speaks volumes.
Now, I'm not sure why it's so hard for so many NFL players to understand why Americans don't want to see the flag and the National Anthem disrespected on Sunday, on game day. And to me, one of the best moments, you watch an NFL game and when it's over, you have warriors, the best of the best athletes, both sides, they unite, they get in a circle, they say a prayer of thanks -- that I love.
If the NFL players, you want to choose, to make political statements, you have every right to do it, and I'm predicting here and now that tonight the fans that disagree and find it offensive, they are going to flee, that's also their right. Look, I don't support boycotts and I never have. But I'm also not interested in watching this behavior and the sign of disrespect every Sunday. As of today, Saturday is now my football day, unless this changes.
Not to mention this so-called show of unity at the NFL is already showing signs of cracking and is getting a negative response. Take a look at some of these headlines. Hollywood Reporter: "Ben Roethlisberger regrets Steelers boycotting the anthem; Trump supports fan boos." Deadline Hollywood: "Sunday night football ratings down again on day of player protests." Grabien: "Roger Goodell ignoring leagues own rules and letting players protest anthem." CBS Denver: "Von Miller ads being pulled after anthem protest" -- he's a star player for the Broncos. The New York Post: "Pushed to my limit: Stadium worker quits after the bills protest anthem."
And just to put things into perspective tonight, for all of you out there, for all these NFL players that want to take a knee and disparage the flag and the men and women who fought and died for it, let's do a little comparison. It costs on average, $92.98 cents for a single ticket to an NFL game and that's just the average. Family of four? They are spending hundreds and hundreds of dollars just to attend, never mind, you want to the buy a beer, hot dog, a coke? Forget it. The average NFL salary, $2.4 million. Some players making tens of millions of dollars and even hundreds of millions during the course of their career. And, by the way they deserve it. That's fine. They are great athletes. Meanwhile, the average salary for private in the military is under $41,000 a year.
Now, think about this for a second: NFL players, they have an opportunity to make millions of dollars because of men and women who make a modest salary that risk everything, their lives to give them the freedom to play this great game. And here is another dose of reality: If average men and women protested and pissed off their costumers at work, they probability wouldn't have a job. We are all the costumers by the way, for the leftists in Hollywood and all of these pro-sports athletes. So, should the same standard apply to them?
And as for the president's comments: Under President Obama -- get this -- millions and millions more Americans went on food stamps. And by the way, we didn't keep our doctors, we didn't keep our plans, millions more in poverty. And by the way, he doubled the national debt for our kids and grandkids. And the president right now, he is trying to make policies that are better for the people in this country, especially those left behind. So, it seems to me you people protesting you have no clue what the president's plans are. And as the president said, this is about respect. The one thing that should unify us, respect for the flag, respect for our anthem, respect for the service men and women that fought under that flag.
And for those claiming this is all about freedom of speech, freedom of expression, yes, I'm a total believer and I make my living doing this. But you know what? These players have every right to protest. But some of them are massive hypocrites when it comes to freedom of speech on the field. You know, there's a reason the NFL, some people call it the "No Fun League." Take a look at these examples: Celebrations banned, including twerking and shooting a bow and arrow in the end zone. Is that a violation of free speech? They are not allowed to taunt another player or team. They are prohibited from using abusive threatening or even insulting language or gestures, players are not allowed to remove their helmet in the field of play or the end zone. And players have been fined for wearing special cleats to raise awareness for important issues like mental health and domestic violence. And the league, by the way, refused to let a player wore pink to honor his mother who was a breast cancer survivor after the month of October. And the NFL even turned down the Dallas Cowboys request to wear decals to honor the five police officers who were killed during a shooting rampage if you remember back in 2016. Aren't these violations are freedom of speech? Where is the outrage over all of that? Where are the protests?
And by the way, where are the so-called displays of unity? Not to be cynical. The NFL threatened to fine Avery Williamson of the Tennessee Titans. He wanted to wear "9-11-01, never forget" on his cleats for the 15th anniversary of the worst terror attack in our history. I happened to be a big fan of RG-3. He got in trouble for wearing a No Jesus, No Peace t-shirt K-N-O-W. And they made him turn it inside out. And RG3 also got fined 10 grand for wearing a Reebok t-shirt because it wasn't Nike. And Nike sponsored by the NFL or sponsors the NFL. And some NFL players, they get fined for wearing Beat headphones on the field. The NFL only cares about freedom of speech because they are sponsored a Bose.
So, nice try Roger Goodell. You're arbitrarily enforcing the so-called rules, rules as it relates to free speech. And of course the media is going insane over President Trump calling this NFL players out and those in the left trying to make this about race even though it clearly is not. Let's take a look:
See, we're going to be different on this show than all of those shows. Now, the president came out and said specifically these comments he made have nothing to do with race. Watch the president:
You know, the only person that's tried to make this about race is the person who started these protests. Remember? Colin Kaepernick called President Trump, Hillary Clinton both of them racists? Watch this:
Again it's perfectly fine. Kaepernick, you want to say that, go right ahead. But when President Trump defends the military, defends the flag, defends the anthem, you know what? They all fought for this, it's a massive issue. And if the NFL wants a league full of Colin Kaepernicks, good luck with that. Because I predict -- Roger Goodell pay close attention -- people will change the dial. They'll stop going to games, as a matter of fact, they already are. Saturday is going to be my football day and Sunday, you'll watch ratings and revenue decline precipitously.
Joining us now with reaction, former Secret Service agent, NYPD officer Dan Bongino and civil rights attorney Darryl Parks. Gentlemen, welcome back.
You respect our country. You respect our anthem. I've known you for many years, we've disagreed. Tell me and the men and women that fought, bled and died fighting under that flag, now I'm all for protests, I honor your right to protest. We've disagreed on issues. Why would you choose something that's specifically insults men and women in uniform?
Wait a minute. Really?
Colin Kaepernick, correct me if I'm wrong, Dan Bongino you made this point to me that, you know, he had socks on, Collin Kaepernick did that referred to cops as pigs, supports for Fidel Castro, Dan?
Let me ask you a question, Darryl. Darryl --
The Dallas Cowboys wanted to put a special memorial on their helmets for the cops that were killed in Dallas. One player wants to put remember 9/11 on the 15th anniversary of 9/11, 2001. There are plenty of restrictions on the quote, freedom of speech rights of players in the NFL, how they celebrate, how they talk to the refs, there's plenty. That's never come up. But the American people are viewing this differently. So, tell me why this is okay, and honoring dead police officers, murdered in the line of duty is not.
You don't want to try and answer for the NFL. By the way, I'm going to put up the socks. Look at that. Cops as pigs. That's what Collin Kaepernick wore. Do you support that?
All right. Last word, Dan.
All right. We've got to run.
Thanks for being with us. Steve Bannon, his first cable interviews since leaving the White House. At the end of the show, we will reveal what big guests are coming up this week. The surprise is huge. Straight ahead.
Welcome back to Hannity, our new time live 9:00 Eastern now. Those are some NFL fans who were not happy with the players who disrespected our national anthem and our flag. Earlier tonight, the Vice President Mike Pence, he spoke out on this very issue. Let's take a look.
Here now with reaction, former Trump White House chief strategist, his first cable interview since leaving the White House. Executive chairman of Breitbart News Steve Bannon. Mr. Bannon, you're like, you did one interview that I've seen my entire life of you. Although you've been on the program before. Good to see you. And you're joining us from Alabama. Tonight, we'll get to football in a minute. Tell us why you are in Alabama? Mike Pence was at one rally, you were at another for Roy Moore. Tell us why.
I totally -- I believe Roy Moore is going to be more the outsider. And the fact that Mitch McConnell and the establishment are pouring millions of dollars into this race, into that state tells me that Luther Strange is going to end up being in some way ways, you know, having to support them and more inclined to support them. And frankly, I think the biggest disappointment in DC, you actually said it in an interview, I think to a certain extent Mitch McConnell does not support the President's agenda, economic agenda and it's obvious. He hasn't gotten a thing done, Steve, in eight months. We're now in the 9th month of the Trump presidency. There's no excuse for that in my opinion.
You know, in many ways I think the destroy Trump media will misinterpret the list of people that you mentioned including myself. I want Roy Moore to win this race tomorrow. And they'll try and create a divide. It's actually to support the President. And I understand the President is a loyal guy, had a relationship with Luther Strange. I endorsed Mo Brooks in the first go around here. I've known him 27 years. I know he is a good man. But I do believe what you're saying here and explain the ads that are being run because they look like they could have been written and produced by Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer.
And just to be clear, this is not a referendum on the President, the way the media wants to do. I would argue. This is a referendum on McConnell. Do you agree with that analysis?
Yes.
You know, we've had similar attacks over the course of our careers. I know they called you dark vader. I did like your line when you are on "60 Minutes" when you said, I am street fighter. So, that's kind of how I view things. I fight for the things I believe in and the people in this country that have been left behind. I don't know who would win in a fight. But we fight for principle and things that are important and helping men and women that are suffering. But I resent the tactic when they used Republican on Republican, whatever happened to Reagan's 11th commandment?
Every two in four years, the Democrats say Republicans are racist, sexist, misogynist, xenophobic, homophobic, Islamaphobic. Those ads I saw down in Alabama, against Roy Moore, a conservative were run by Republicans, Steve. What's happening here?
One comment you made since you left the White House I didn't like. When you said to the extent that the Trump presidency that a lot of us fought for, which I think is the forgotten men and women agenda of this country and they deserve to be served, especially after eight years of Obama. 13 million more on food stamps, 8 million more on poverty, these are real people, real lives, and real damage. I didn't like when you said the Trump presidency we fought and voted for you thought was over. You're still fighting for it, I'm still fighting for it. People in this country are fighting for it every day. And I don't think it's over yet. I think this is only beginning in a lot of ways.
Let me ask you last question. I never heard of the term alt- right until this election. I don't know what that means. What does it mean to you? Secondly, because they try to imply it's racist. I wanted to get your comments about the President speaking out rightly for the flag and the anthem and the men and women who serve this country.
All right, Steve Bannon, hope you come on the program more, I appreciate you being with us, thank you for coming on our first 9:00 p.m. show. We have a huge announcement at the end of the show, but first Newt Gingrich, Laura Ingram straight ahead.
Welcome back to Hannity live at nine our new time. A few moments ago that was Cowboy owner Jerry Jones, he locked arms with his players and kneeled just prior to the national anthem after a giant flag was rolled out, Jones stood and remained standing arm and arm with two Dallas cowboys during the entire performance. So what do we make of the latest protest. What's the ramifications of all this? Joining us now author of the number one New York Times' best seller, Understanding Trump, Fox News Contributor, former Speaker of the House, also with a brand new online series called Defending America, which we better be prepared with North Korea, Mr. Speaker, great to see you, as always. I'm watching this, and it's amazing to me, I don't think many people get this. Except the fans. There are some that are so locked in that they think they're right. What's your reaction?
Let me add emphasis to your point. According to Fox Sports, 7 billion dollars, taxpayers have paid for new stadiums and renovations. 5.4 million, that the military paid the NFL to salute the troops. Listen to what Hillary Clinton said earlier tonight. I want to get your reaction to her vicious statement.
He never said a thing about race. Isn't this about respect for the anthem, the flag and the men and women in military that fought and died?
You have the meant racial demagogue.
Where does this end? Will Americans say I'm a Saturday football watcher?
Alright Mr. Speaker, your online course is linked to my website Hannity.com, understanding Trump, no.1 is bestseller list, 12 weeks and running on the list. When we come back our newest edition as a host, Laura Ingraham is here and we have a really big surprise. Three big announcements. Not one, not two, three, you don't want to miss, straight ahead. I'll tell you about that.
Crazy, respecting the flag and anthem and our troops, crazy. Whoopi Goldberg, Joy Behar Co-hosts of The View, slamming President Trump. Here now is the upcoming host, she stole my hour, of the new 10:00 pm show, she stole it right out from underneath me, debuting October 30th here on the Fox News channel called the Ingraham angle, Laura Ingraham, we're really proud of you. Listen to the title of this book, billionaire at the barricade, the populous revolution from Reagan to Trump. That is so true. I'm so proud of you, you so deserve this show, you worked so hard.
You've been a part of our Fox family forever. I couldn't be happier and prouder for you.
I like the bridge between the new generation of Fox and the old. Who would have (inaudible) I'm the last one standing. Fire away, everyone else does.
No, this scheming behind my back, what's that? That is like Lawrence O'Donnell producers, they stab you in the back, go ahead.
That would be like McGregor and Mayweather in the octagon, it would be over in a second.
Here is what I want to ask you, this is important. I want to get your reaction to the President and the NFL and how out of touch people are with the men and women that love our flag, love our anthem, have such a deep abiding respect, and the troops? What's your first reaction to this?
That is a good point.
Barry Farber, one of great pioneers of talk radio, once said of course we're not a perfect nation. Our founders put in place a system to right wrongs, evil, in justices and he said never has a country accumulated more power and abused it less than the U.S. and used its might for so much good. You would think they would just remember that. That is why we honor those that fought, bled and died under that flag.
One of the things I love about the new lineup, I'm going it start my 23rd year on Fox News.
Take another shot. You already made that shot.
I would be very careful here miss -- well you're like a sister to me, I agree with that.
One of the things I love about her lineup, I love the five, I love Bret Baier's show, and I love Martha. And Tucker, myself, you, we all have our different styles. We agree on a lot but we disagree. We'll have people that disagree with us. Tell us about your new show in the minute we have left.
I have to pay for them. Laura Ingraham. .
October 30th, when we come back, three huge announcements about this week.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Before we go the big surprises, quick programming notes. All right it is our first week back in our old time slot, nine eastern, tell your friends, special huge lineup for you this week. Tomorrow Bill O'Reilly will join us to talk about the news of the day and his new book. Wednesday I travel to Washington, holding Washington accountable, we have an interview with House Speaker Paul Ryan about President Trump, congress's agenda, the push for tax reform, healthcare. And on Thursday, a rare interview, I travel to Florida and interview the one and only Rush Limbaugh. Jam-packed week. We hope you'll join us. Unfortunately that is all the time we have left this evening. Remember this show is not the establishment destroy Trump media. We'll be fair and balanced and be your alternative. Stay the tuned Dana Perino, she is next, and she is hosting Fox News tonight. We'll see you back here tomorrow. Thank you so much for being with us. Tell your friends, thanks for being with us.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 5  ***************************************************
 Mr. Rosenstein, you can't be serious. Now, you're not going to let the special counsel turn into a fishing expedition? Sir, it already has. Now, remember, this whole investigation was supposed to be about President Trump, his campaign supposedly colluding with the Russians! This has gone on 11 months, no smoking gun proving it ever happened or anything was done in terms of law-breaking.
But instead of ending it there, there are reports that Mueller is now looking into the finances of President Trump and the Trump Organization and associates of President Trump, and Mueller has also reportedly empanelled a grand jury in Washington, D.C. Let's go to Washington, D.C. The president got a little over four percent of the vote.
More on that in just a minute. So going off of what Rosenstein just said on "Fox News Sunday," he's now given Mueller the green light. It appears he can do whatever he wants! Legal scholar Jonathan Turley, a Democrat, is out with a brand-new op-ed on TheHill.com. He makes several key points about why he rightly believes that Rosenstein -- he needs to recuse himself, including this one.
Rosenstein is likely going to be a witness in this investigation that he caused because he took the lead in writing the letter to President Trump on why former FBI Director James Comey should be fired. By the way, they're also looking into that as a possible obstruction. He's a witness!
Rosenstein is also the guy who appointed Robert Mueller and apparently either didn't know or didn't care about the fact that the day before naming Mueller as special counsel, Mueller -- he had an interview with President Trump! He wanted to be the FBI director! You can't make this up.
Now, Rosenstein has also sat by quietly, turned a blind eye to Robert Mueller's massive conflicts of interest, like the fact that Mueller and James Comey -- they're close friends! As our colleague and friend and attorney Gregg Jarrett continues to point out, that relationship could be a violation of two laws.
Then take a look at this chart. Eight of the 16 members that Mueller has appointed to his team have made political donations, shockingly, all to Democrats. But the other eight, according to public records, have not donated to anybody! OK, eight Democrats, zero Republican donors. How is that OK? And why couldn't he tell Mueller to find nonpartisan investigators to make up his team? Now, just for a second use your imagination. If the tables were turned, would a Democrat allow a special counsel to only appoint Republican donors? No way!
What he is now doing -- it's now ridiculous. It's beyond the pale. And Rosenstein should be ashamed of himself for even letting this happen.
And as we've said on this program -- and we've spoken numerous times about America. We can't have a two-tiered justice system! It's got to be equal justice under the law. So if we believe in that, if we believe in the Constitution, then it would be time for Rosenstein and the DOJ to restore the rule of law and start looking into the massive Democratic scandals that have incontrovertible evidence that we have been telling you about.
For example, on Friday, we were reporting on how the American Center for Law and Justice obtained through a Freedom of Information Act request, Department of Justice documents related to the former attorney general Loretta Lynch. Remember that 40-minute tarmac meeting, they were talking about their grandkids? That took place just days before Comey made his announcement about Hillary Clinton and he laid out a 13-minute stinging indictment just to finish with "never mind."
Now, the revelations are stunning. And according to the ACLJ, well, the FBI lied about the existence that documents were even there and telling the legal group they didn't exist! Second, there are several email exchanges between FBI and DOJ officials with the subject, quote, "flag," where they discussed how media outlets were starting to report on the tarmac meeting which obviously is inappropriate.
Then they came up with a set of talking points, but in the emails that were released, well, those talking points were redacted. The DOJ and FBI are not supposed to be political organizations. They are to be nonpolitical. And that begs the question, why are the FBI, why is the DOJ coming up with talking points if they're not supposed to be political?
And if that's not bad enough, tonight we have another stunning piece of information from those DOJ documents. The Daily Caller reported earlier today the ACLJ has confirmed that Loretta Lynch used an email alias as attorney general, going with the name, quote, "Elizabeth Carlisle." And according to our friend, Gregg Jarrett, public officials like Loretta Lynch -- you're not supposed to do that. But Lynch's attorney defended her use of the fake name in a statement to the Daily Caller, so apparently, that kind of conduct -- that's only acceptable in the Obama Department of Justice. Doesn't seem to impact Rosenstein.
Now, in addition to finding out that Lynch used the email alias, documents also show that Lynch was aware of these talking points that were created! Wow! The same person that said, "Oh, it's not an investigation, it's a matter"?
Let's take a look here. Lynch's reply in an email chain with the subject line, quote, "talking points/statement." Lynch wrote, quote, "Thanks to all who worked on this," and then signed it "AG." So Lynch, who didn't think it was necessary to tell you, the American people, about meeting Bill Clinton on a tarmac, you know, just days before she was going to make a ruling on his wife, for 40 minutes -- not talking about grandchildren, in my opinion -- helped craft talking points about the encounter only after the media picked it up on their own and then they started reporting on it? On top of James Comey testifying that Lynch told him to call this investigation a matter? Well, that was a Clinton talking point.
So should Loretta Lynch now have to testify under oath about these matters? The answer is obviously yes. This is the definition of the two-tiered justice system I've been talking about. This has to end!
You want another example? Hillary Clinton had secret, top secret, special access program, classified information on an unsecure server in a mom and pop shop bathroom closet! She deleted 33,000 subpoenaed emails! And then just to make sure, she acid washed the whole thing with BleachBit! And then she had an aide, according to reports, smashing mobile phones with hammers and her legal team finally does turn over to the FBI BlackBerrys, but they're useless to the FBI. They didn't have their SIM cards. Oh, mere oversight!
Then there's Debbie Wasserman Schultz, her IT staffer arrested for bank fraud. Remember, double billing? He's trying to flee the country after sending money to Pakistan. Wasserman Schultz is defending her decision to keep this guy on the payroll despite the fact that he was under investigation and didn't have access to the House servers.
And there's this. Similar to Clinton, the Daily Caller reported the FBI has seized two smashed hard drives! What is it with Democrats wanting to smash hard drives, BleachBit hard drives and servers and smash devices? This is like an obsession of theirs. In my world where I grew up, that's called obstruction of justice! Now, the staffer's lawyer is disputing this, but I'm not buying it.
Next is the Obama administration. OK, what about all the unmasking? Sara Carter reporting last week former Obama national security adviser Ben Rhodes is now a person of interest in the House Intelligence Committee's investigations into unmasking. That's of your fellow citizens!
And a report from The Washington Free Beacon, former Obama U.N. ambassador Samantha Power unmasked hundreds of people in her final year, an election year, many related to Trump? Why would a U.N. ambassador need to do that?
Now, sources that spoke to The Free Beacon -- you know, they said this is unprecedented. And we also learned Congress is questioning other former Obama officials, Susan Rice, John Brennan about unmasking. Then on top of that, we got the issue of intelligence leaks. Also, The Hill's John Solomon reporting that the former Obama Director Of National Intelligence James Clapper -- remember him? He made it easier for those officials in the executive branch of Obama to unmask members of Congress and their staffers! Why aren't special counsels being called to investigate all of these instances?
The Constitution of this great country is now being shredded right before your very eyes. Your Fourth Amendment privacy rights are being violated and it seems like on a daily basis!
Then there's out of control, dangerous leaks from the deep state, almost a leak a day. It's happening at the rate of seven times greater than the previous two administrations. And you know what? This has got to end! It is literally impeding the progress of the president of the United States.
For example, transcripts -- remember last week? -- of the president's phone call, let's see, with a prime minister and with a president of other country? When has that ever been leaked? These are crimes of the deep state that need to be investigated. People need to be charged. They need to be put under oath, and some of them need to go to jail.
And Sara Carter reported that the FBI's top lawyer -- remember him? Oh, James Baker, the chief counsel -- he's also under investigation for leaking to the media. James Comey admitted under oath he had a friend leak information to The New York Times.
Now, the Attorney General Jeff Sessions, finally -- good for him -- he announced on Friday that the Department of Justice is going to crack down on these deep state leaks.
And finally, there's the anti-Trump fake news dossier. Fusion GPS, the opposition research firm with ties to Democrats -- remember, they were behind that. The dossier was put together by that former British spy, Christopher Steele, and used sources that were tied to the Russian government?
Well, now the evidence is so overwhelming, even Democrats, even Congressman Adam Schiff, Mr. I want to be a talk show host guest at any time I can -- he's now admitted he wants to talk to Steele, which is even more reason that we need special counsels looking into all of these incidences!
Now, it all comes down to this. Does Rod Rosenstein know what is going to happen if Mueller's mission creep continues to go unchecked? How does he think voters are going to feel? How many Trump supporters will feel robbed of their right and their vote in the free election of the president of the United States? You don't think the country is divided enough now? It will be more divided than ever! Half the American people are going to rightly feel cheated.
And that just can't happen. That is bad for the country. That is bad for the system of justice. And it is bad if we believe in a constitutional republic.
Here with reaction, Fox News anchor, attorney Gregg Jarrett, Salem nationally syndicated radio talk show host Larry Elder.
You have been all over these laws. The evidence in all these cases is overwhelming. What do you think first about Rosenstein?
How is that possible?
I can't believe -- because we moved from Trump campaign, Russia collusion into all these other areas -- now it's obstruction, now it's finances and who -- you know what this is like. Look at Patrick Fitzgerald. It started out -- Valerie Plame -- he knew on day one Richard Armitage was the leaker, and we ended up three years later with what I would argue is a perjury trap because Scooter Libby wouldn't give up the vice president.
Supposed to be narrow!
Oh!
All right, Larry Elder, let me -- a lot of people don't know you are an attorney by trade, in spite of your history as being a talk show host and a successful one. So my question to you is, let's put your legal hat on. Analyze all that's happening here.
What about...
Where are the other special counsels? Hillary did commit crimes. There's no doubt she committed crimes! How does she escape free?
What about all of these people leaking? And I applaud the attorney general, Jeff Sessions, for now digging deep into this. But I also want to see either the attorney general -- he can do it on other issues...
He can do it with the Clintons. He can do it on Debbie Wasserman Schultz. He can do it on Ukrainian collusion.
Uranium One.
Gregg?
Isn't it the biggest threat to the presidency right now? Because I believe it is. If you have one a day and your staff is spending 85 percent of the time and they're all illegal leaks, if it's intelligence, it is -- it prevents the president from doing his job. The American people are the losers here. The forgotten men and women that voted for him are the losers in all this.
When has that ever happened?
Nobody!
Nobody!
To be commander-in-chief.
This country.
All right, guys. Good to see you all.
We have a lot more to come tonight on this busy breaking Monday news night. Jay Sekulow -- he's next. Also, Dr. Gorka. There are no good solutions in North Korea. The latest on those threats. Eric and Lara Trump in studio straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Now, as we told you in our important "Opening Monologue" tonight, controversy continues to swirl around the former Obama attorney general, Loretta Lynch, after it was reported that she was conducting official State Department (sic) business under an e-mail alias, including conversations about her now infamous tarmac meeting with former president Bill Clinton.
Here with reaction now, the chief counsel for the American Center for Law and Justice, one of the president's attorneys -- Jay Sekulow is with us. When you look at the Department of Justice and the FBI talking about, Oh, let's put out talking points because an inappropriate meeting takes place, what does that tell you?
Does this potentially expose its own version of collusion that they're trying to cover up the fact they were in the fix, if you will, for Hillary Clinton and they didn't want it exposed? And add to that that it's not an investigation, it's a matter? That seems to be building a case.
Yes.
What about Rosenstein...
... and his interview this weekend with FOX's own Chris Wallace? What is your take on that? Because I see investigative mission creep. It was supposed to be about Russia. Now (INAUDIBLE) finances. Now we're at obstruction.
... to conflict with Rosenstein, doesn't it, because he wrote the letter about Comey?
But it seems like...
... there is one to me. I won't let you weigh in on that because of your position, but to -- he says that, but it seems be going there.
Where are the special counsels on all the issues that I seem to be, like, a voice in the wilderness bringing up?
Can Sessions do that or does Rosenstein have to do that?
Wow.
Oh, total corroboration that it's political. And we need equal justice under the law.
All right, Jay Sekulow, thank you. Appreciate it.
When we come back, there's no good solution to North Korea. They're now vowing to launch, quote, "thousand-fold" revenge against the U.S. Dr. Gorka weighs in.
Also, Eric and Lara Trump are here in studio.
What do you make of Kim Jong-un and his thousand-fold revenge? What do you make of the continued saber rattling? Last week not only did we have the notice that ICBM's could literally reach New York City and Boston, Massachusetts, and of course he's moving towards submarine potential launches, and we saw that. Now we have him vowing all this revenge.
And how do you defend against a country once they have nuclear weapons? Because let's say we take out those sites, or try to? Can they launch against South Korea in the interim? Can they launch against Japan? Will they dare to take on China with weapons? We are literally talking about the potential of millions of humans dying.
I agree, but is this guy crazy enough -- is he crazy enough to launch a nuke? The former Soviet Union understood mutually assured destruction. It was huge vote to get China and Russia, 15-0, nobody in the media covers it. But is that enough to stop this madman, or is he even mad, he's just, again, he likes to cause trouble on the world stage?
Why do I think it is a real clear, present danger to the world and that with all of the talk about all these in many cases Russia, Russia, superfluous issues, this could define the Donald Trump presidency more than anything else, and you could see a world coalition? We saw the former Soviet Union and the U.S. aligning against Nazism and fascism in World War II. Could it be the world now aligning against North Korea to prevent nuclear war?
Yes, it is.
I don't see it at all. I think they haven't figured out this is a different world now. All right, Dr. Gorka, I don't see a good answer here, pretty scary, pretty chilling. I hope people pay attention. That 15-0 vote deserved a lot more attention in the media. Thank you, sir, for being with us.
And coming up right after the break on this breaking news night, Eric and Lara Trump will be here as we continue on the news of the day and much more.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So today marks the 200th day of Donald Trump's presidency. And despite some of the distractions in the media and the attacks and all of that, the president believes that his movement is gaining momentum. Earlier today he tweeted, quote, "Hard to believe that the 24/7 fake news on CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, New York Times, Washington Post, the Trump base is getting better."
Here with reaction from the Trump Organization, Eric Trump and senior adviser for Trump for President, Lara Trump is with us. In five weeks you guys are getting your first baby.
We need a "Make America Great Again" bib, a "Make America Great Again" hat.
Where?
Exactly.
One thing that I think is a real big indicator, you are working on the reelection campaign, right?
And I was reading numbers recently, and the Democrats are broke, and in spite of all of the negative press you guys are killing it financially.
You should never say that because you will always need more for the campaign.
Right after your dad became the president. I went to Washington. I interviewed Paul Ryan. And Paul Ryan gave me a whole list of things that are going to be accomplished, done, even with a margin built in, health care repeal and replace, which they did it in the House to their credit. Two budgets are going to be passed, the wall is going to be funded, everything. What is happening?
Time flies when you're having fun. This has been fun, Eric?
A million new jobs.
Lowest number of people on food stamps in seven years.
Here's my question. Every American, everybody who watches this show could probably recite your dad's identity, the things he fights for. We saw it in West Virginia last week. But the Republican Party, they can't even get a seven-and-half-year-old promise over the finish line in the Senate. I am not angry. I'm more apoplectic about the lack of progress from their end. Thoughts?
Even Republicans, though. I thought this was the party of limited government, greater freedom, choice, capitalism, competition. This should be right up their alley. I didn't hear them talking about health savings accounts, health care cooperatives, which would greatly reduce premiums for people that need health care desperately.
You do. Your dad is still pushing Republicans in the Senate. Either you are quitters or go back and get the job done.
And when we come back, what is it like to be under attack every day? As we continue.
Welcome back to HANNITY as we continue with Eric and Lara Trump. And good to see you both. You have lived, you watched the special counsel. I keep pointing out you've got Ukrainian collusion, you've got Uranium One, you've got deep state leaks, almost one a day, you've got Hillary Clinton's issues and crimes, you've got the special counsel to the FBI investigated for leaking, Debbie Wasserman Shultz, you've got James Comey. This has been an eventful, to say the least, 200 days, but a lot is geared to your family, your father. Do you think this is personal?
Is he really a threat to all of them to that extent that they want to prevent his agenda from getting passed?
Up to 20 percent.
And the way they treat women, gays, lesbians, Christians, and Jews. Yes, that's hypocritical.
I feel like a little voice in the wilderness, Eric, I really do. And there's such deep corruption. But it is your family, you are close to it, and knowing your father and as many years as I have before he got into this, he seems to handle it like it just doesn't bother him. He likes to fight back.
I actually think the Republicans are going on yet another vacation. I never seen so much vacation by members of Congress. They have taken more vacation this year, which is average, than I have taken in the last 15 years. I've never seen anything like it. Your dad is not on vacation in spite of reports, right? He's working.
Even you didn't go to Aruba with your dad?
The rallies are even stronger now. It seems like the people that voted for him instinctively see him under fire and want to help him.
What makes you think that Republicans will finally step up?
They better or they're going to get fired.
You get his economic plan passed and you couple it with energy independence I think you see unemployment eliminated. You really can create so many career high paying jobs.
So five week, congratulations.
Have you practiced Lamaze? Are you ready to support her?
I remember I went to Lamaze class, and the lady was very kind, and she goes, now I want to you do it. I'm like, I am not having the baby. Why do I have to do this? You can help.
Ten years as a contractor I am pretty handy, too.
We appreciate you being with us.
When we come back we have more "Hannity" right after this quick break.
All right, way out of time. Remember, this show will always be fair and balanced. Thanks for being with us. Set your DVR. See you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 6  ***************************************************
 That video from just yesterday, so hard to watch. Now, the House majority whip, Steve Scalise, was badly injured, remains in the hospital. He's still fighting for his life tonight.
Now, while tonight's game may be a nice attempt to show unity here, let's not be deceived. Let's not pretend the vicious, divisive rhetoric, the vile hatred of the left -- it's not going to end. In fact, I predict it's only going to get worse because Democrats, liberals, the media -- they will not stop until they absolutely destroy this president's agenda. That's tonight's very important D.C. "Opening Monologue."
So as I said, we're here in our nation's capital tonight because yesterday, across the Potomac River in Alexandria, Virginia, a radical left-wing ideologue tried to carry out a political assassination against Republican lawmakers at a baseball field. Now, investigators, they're still trying to determine the motive of this sinister attack, but we do know a lot, don't we?
James Hodgkinson was a Bernie Sanders supporter, apparently volunteered on Sanders's presidential campaign. He regularly expressed his extremist views on social media, referring to President Trump as a traitor on social media, writing that, quote, "It's time to destroy Trump and company." He also belonged to a Facebook group called Terminate the Republican Party.
Now, while this monster's actions are horrific and disturbing it's part of a much larger pattern that we've been seeing from the left-wing Democrats, the destroy Trump media in this country. Now, they have created this vortex of hatred aimed at the president.
For example, just this week, an opening night performance of Shakespeare's "Julius Caesar" in New York City's Central Park featured a Donald Trump look-alike, again, getting brutally stabbed and murdered! By the way, some taxpayer dollars.
Then there's an example, of course, so graphic, we've got to warn you every time before we put it up on the screen. This is part of a vile ISIS-style photo shoot, so-called comedian Kathy Griffin posed with a fake bloodied severed head of -- you see it right there -- President Trump.
And there's also this hate-filled and threatening rant from Madonna. Remember back at the women's march back in January? Here's her, her dreams of blowing up the White House.
You think a lot about blowing up the White House? Maybe you should be investigated and maybe looked at by the Secret Service. And remember, before Madonna's vicious attack against the president, there was rapper Snoop Dogg in a music video. Oh, he was pretending to shoot President Trump with a gun. Take a look.
Really? Imagine if that was President Obama. How would the media react? And by the way, it's not just Hollywood liberals and leftists who are spreading this vicious, vile hatred towards the commander-in-chief. Of course, we've got the destroy Trump media and Democrats, they have been doing the same thing ever since he won on November the 8th.
Take a look at some of this disturbing -- many examples from the media themselves. Take a look.
And Democrats -- well, they have made it a priority to target, attack, delegitimize, dehumanize the president pretty much on a daily basis. Take a look.
This is beyond psychotic, unhinged, and we've been telling you night after night right here on this program Democrats, the left, the destroy Trump media -- you know what? They hate this president! They will do now, say anything to delegitimize and destroy him! Now, for months, they have been trying to outdo one another, you know, one black helicopter tinfoil hat conspiracy theory after another for months and months and months, night after night, launching new and venomous attacks.
And after yesterday's shooting, the liberal HuffingtonPost -- they had to take down a disgusting article that actually called for President Trump's execution. Take a look at the headline, "Impeachment is no longer enough; Donald Trump must face justice." And there's the sub-headline, "Impeachment, removal from office are only the first steps; for America to be redeemed, Donald Trump must be prosecuted for treason and if convicted in a court of law, executed."
Really? Pretty disturbing. And by the way, if there wasn't a left-wing assassination attempt yesterday, probably that story would still be up tonight.
Then of course, The New York Times smearing former governor Sarah Palin in an op-ed, blaming her for the 2011 shooting of former congresswoman Gabby Giffords. Palin had nothing whatsoever to do with what happened, which is why The New York Times had to issue a correction. And earlier today, Palin tweeted that she is talking to an attorney and exploring legal options, which, by the way, she should be doing. Do it, Governor Palin. That's my advice.
And by the way, here's the thing about all of this. Everything we have showed you is a -- it's less than one-tenth of 11 thousand million percent of the divisive, hateful rhetoric that is now the left in America! We can spend an entire week just playing tapes, just showing example after example.
The problem we're now facing is that no one on the left has the courage, or very few, or the fortitude to speak out and stop the hatred. And that's because Democrats use this kind of vile rhetoric every single election. Every election, what? Republicans are racist, they're sexist, they're misogynist. Let's see, they want dirty air and water. They want to throw Granny off the cliff. And that's just part of their political playbook -- Islamophobic, xenophobic, you know, homophobic. It never ends!
The left objectifies Republicans, especially conservatives, into something we are not. And they know the truth, but yet they contribute to this atmosphere where Republicans -- we're not even human. If you're a conservative like me, Godawful. How do you even speak on television or radio?
Now, tonight, I know there's a kumbaya moment for the country. I'm not buying it. How do you feel about it?
Joining us with reaction, editor-in-chief, Lifezette, FOX News contributor, nationally syndicated radio talk show star...
I want to -- I want to say let's go get together, but I (INAUDIBLE) forget all the crap.
And the truth.
And I'm not doing that.
Hey, listen, I would have been there in a heartbeat.
I would've loved it.
You know the first thing I would have said?
I've been right about you from the beginning.
OK. This is what people are going to say about us tonight. Oh, really? You can't stop for a night?
OK, now...
If it really were...
(INAUDIBLE) for a night.
Everyone got sucked in. And I can't tell you...
... 72 hours...
... it's going to start happening.
You know something? There was no prominent Democrat with the Kathy Griffin -- do you know of any?
Was it Obama? Was Hillary?
Was any prominent Democrat that said...
... that is over the line?
... more than this baseball game, which, by the way, I'm glad they're raising money for charity...
You know what's really important? I feel -- you -- we're just too reality-based. I cannot -- I cannot sit here and be a phony and a fake and a fraud and act like this is real.
It's not!
I know.
All right...
I'm in D.C. It's your home turf.
Laura Ingraham stays with us. Right after the...
All right. Right after the break, and she's going to sing kumbaya when we get back.
President Trump fires back against the attacks -- another late- breaking deep state attack tonight, this well-orchestrated effort to destroy the presidency of Donald Trump. We'll get reaction. Jay Sekulow, Sara Carter, Gregg Jarrett are back.
And also tonight, later, prior to the first pitch at tonight's congressional baseball game, I did stop by the game. You can see me right there. I did speak to several lawmakers, several eyewitnesses to what happened. I asked them about yesterday's left-wing assassination attempt. And that's a part of the story you need to hear. And that you'll hear tonight on "Hannity."
And welcome back to "Hannity" as we continue with nationally syndicated radio host, Lifezette, Fox News contributor Laura Ingraham.
So I go down to the park. I'm going to show -- and I have interviewed a lot of the Republicans that were there. And I also met this -- this kid, Zack Barth. He works for Congressman Roger Williams, Roger Williams, the coach of the team. He's going to fly back to Texas. His foot gets operated on. This kid was shot in the calf. Mo Brooks, who I've known from my Alabama radio days...
... 27 years ago, all right -- we were both supporting (sic) for Senate. He was the one that put the tourniquet on this kid. I've known Mo for 27 years! He broke down on my radio show.
It's so traumatic. And I'm watching this kid. He got shot in the calf. I'm all right. I'm all right. He was texting his mother!
I mean, it's such a testament to who he is. Is this directly connected to the rhetoric?
... terminate.
It's so funny you say this. And the reason I brought up -- and we've been at this game a lot.
Every election cycle, right, it's...
... racist, sexist, homophobic...
... Granny over the cliff...
... dirty air and water...
I saw a metric today. On Twitter alone, if you put in the words "assassinate Trump" -- over 12,000. Then you got the Madonnas! Then you got the...
All right, if you think about blowing up the White House -- now, here's an interesting thought. I'm -- we're not going to fall into the trap of, like -- for example (INAUDIBLE) I blame talk radio and Rush Limbaugh, blah-ah-ah -- (INAUDIBLE)
I'm not blaming Bernie Sanders.
Bernie Sanders supporters...
No. This was one nut.
So -- by the way, we're going to get hammered. Oh, those two, not joining the kumbaya! By the way...
All right, great to see you.
We'll talk a little bit about the heroism, by the way, of these two D.C. Capitol Police. Unbelievable. They walked right into an open field against a highly powered rifle with a pistol. It's almost like you put your life on the line right there, knowing you're going to die. Amazing courage.
And also, the deep state strikes again. Late tonight, anonymous sources once again, late at night, leaking information about President Trump. Tonight, they go after, oh, let's see, collateral damage, his son-in-law, Jared, of course, to destroy the president, hurt him, prevent him from fulfilling his promises to you, the American people. Jay Sekulow, Sara Carter, Gregg Jarrett -- they'll break it all down.
And highlights from my visit to the Nationals Park, where I spoke to members of Congress about the horror of yesterday's left-wing assassination attempt on GOP lawmakers.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So the deep state -- they are for revenge yet once again, and of course, using one of their favorite liberal outlets, The Washington Post, to try and destroy President Trump and everyone else around him, get as much collateral damage as they can.
And now they are out for blood. Their goal is very clear. Overturn the election results, forcing the president out of office and stopping him from fulfilling his agenda. And that is tonight's mini monologue.
All right, earlier tonight, once again, geez, another late-night drop by The Washington Post, which has now a long track record of being absolutely positively dead wrong in the things they report, citing, quote, again, "officials familiar with the matter." Oh, they can't mention names, like, ever. That sounds so trustworthy, doesn't it?
Of course, this night is about special counsel Robert Mueller is now investigating Jared Kushner's finances and business dealings. Now, this comes out after another late night drop last night by The Washington Post, no sources, anonymous sources, reporting that the special counsel was investigating President Trump for obstruction of justice.
"The Post" was wrong when they reported that the deputy attorney general, Rod Rosenstein, threatened to quit because of James Comey's firing. Rosenstein actually said in an interview to a D.C. local station the exact opposite. And he said it on camera, and they never apologized.
And by the way, "The Post" also was flat out wrong about James Comey. Just before he got fired, he was asking for more resources for the phony Russia investigation. Well, then it was debunked by the FBI director, acting FBI director, Andrew McCabe, who testified under oath, sorry, that never happened.
And "The Washington Post" is not the only member of this destroy-Trump media that has gotten these things wrong. ABC, CNN, oh, yes, one of the tops of the list there, "The New York Times," they've all done the same thing.
Next, and I think this is the most important part. It is now very clear what is happening. There is a fourth branch of government. It is called the deep state. They are working day in and day out to destroy, literally, President Trump. They have targeted him and, frankly, anyone who dares to be associated with him, anyone that works around him. They can't get the president, which so far they haven't been able to do, then that means they will go after his family, his wife, his daughter, his 11-year-old son, and anyone that works for him.
By the way, and it's playing out in this case, this is now after his son- in-law Jared Kushner, and if the deep state, by the way, and the media, they can't take down Kushner, they will just move on to the next target and go right on down the line one by one until they find somebody that did something wrong or they'll just create some type of perjury trap.
Now, this deep state is purposely leaking information to destroy the presidency of Donald Trump. This is the biggest act of retribution we have seen from the deep state in the history of this country. It is a clear and present danger.
Thankfully tonight President Trump is fighting back on Twitter writing, quote, "They made up a phone collusion with the Russia story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice." He also tweeted "You're witnessing the single greatest witch hunt in American political history led by some very bad and conflicted people. Make America great again."
And then later, he tweeted about Hillary Clinton and her obvious questionable activities, writing, quote, "Why is it that Hillary Clinton's family and Democrats and their dealings with Russia are not looked at but my non-dealings are." And of course, quote, "Crooked Hillary destroyed phones with her hammer." By the way, it's so true, right? She used BleachBit. Remember she bleached the emails. She had her husband meet with the attorney general days before she was cleared. And they talk about obstruction?
What we're seeing now is the deep state, they want retribution. They are not going to stop until the president is gone out of office or worst case scenario for him, nothing he wants to accomplish, nothing he promised gets done.
Whoever leaked this information tonight, last night, to The Washington Post, everyone else who is leaking important classified information, every single one of them now need to be arrested, prosecuted. Those are the people that must be in jail. They are trampling on our constitutional rights. It's time to get rid of every Obama deep state holdover. It needs to happen fast. These people now have become, as I've been telling you, a threat to this country, a threat to the promises that were given to you back in November.
Joining us now with reaction, Fox News anchor and attorney Gregg Jarrett, CircaNews.com Sara Carter, from the American Center for Law and Justice, their chief counsel, also works with the president, Jay Sekulow is with us.
All right, Jay, big, broad question. What is going on here, in as best way you can explain it to the American people? And if you think I'm wrong on anything, please tell them.
By the way, we have Jamie Gorelick was the attorney, and I think you know Jamie well, worked for the Clintons a lot of years. But anyway, they don't know what the report refers to. It would be standard practice for the special counsel to examine financial records to look for anything related to Russia. Kushner previously volunteered to share with Congress what he knows about Russia related matters. He will do the same if he is contacted in connection with this.
By the way, unnamed sources, Jay.
Let me go to Sara and then we'll get to Gregg. So the president makes a great point. I would rather stay on Hillary because I think her crimes are so beyond the pale and it's so overwhelming and incontrovertible. You have done a great job. The meeting on the tarmac, as the president talks about, with Loretta Lynch. Of course, would you mind not referring to this as an investigation but a matter? And then your breaking story, did she put the kibosh on anything regardless of the evidence?
They're not. They have an agenda.
Gregg, you wrote a great column today about Mueller. He needs to recuse himself. Talk about the conflicts.
It really is. All right, stay right there. More with Gregg, more with Jay, more with Sara right after the break.
Also, prior to tonight's congressional game, I did go to Nationals' Park. I spoke with Republican lawmakers, many of them eyewitnesses to what happened during yesterday's assassination attempt. We're going to play you some of those interviews straight ahead.
Welcome back to HANNITY. We continue with Gregg Jarrett, Sara Carter, Jay Sekulow. All right, so, I will go to Gregg first. This is important, Gregg. Bring in the whole issue why, if we start comparing and contrasting with Loretta Lynch and Hillary Clinton, how is it possible when we do have overwhelming, incontrovertible evidence of obstruction and laws broken that that never gets talked about? We're the only ones who bring that up.
Let me go to Jay. She used BleachBit. She destroyed BlackBerries that she said she never had. Wait a minute -- she signed off on 20 percent of uranium going to Putin and her foundation got millions.
Statute of limitations, my friend.
Sara?
All right, just because you argued before the Supreme Court and I didn't, it's just so cheap to bring it up.
I'm kidding.
I've got to roll. We will have you back tomorrow, all of you. Thank you. We're going to stay all over this, I promise you. No one else is doing it.
But coming up, I took a trip to National Park earlier today. I did speak with some of the eyewitnesses, Republican lawmakers, about yesterday's horrific leftwing assassination attempt. We will have much more as HANNITY continues.
That was a message from President Trump earlier tonight played at the annual Congressional baseball game for charity, which went forward tonight just one day after GOP congressmen and their staffs were brutally attacked in what is a leftwing gunman during a practice for this very game. Earlier today I went down to the stadium to speak to some of the Republican lawmakers, some of the people that were eyewitnesses to all of this. Watch this.
Congressman Johnson, he was nice enough yesterday. You gave me an entire tour of the field and really, you showed how absolutely devastatingly dangerous it was.
That's so scary. But to you actually, with Congressman DeSantis, you met him.
And he was the one who ask you. Go ahead, tell the story.
I knew when the Secret Service and the FBI came to you later, both you and Congressman DeSantis identified this guy immediately. When you thought about it later and you thought about the question he asked you, did he want to know it was Republicans before he shot, in your opinion? I know that's an opinion.
So you were all really close. When this comes down yesterday, it's got to devastate all you guys.
But everything that everyone said about him and all my interactions over the years, he's a strong guy. He's a fighter.
And you know him because you've known him from his heart. What about the rhetoric that we have heard since Donald Trump has been elected?
Injured.
Is this an opportunity for maybe the country examine the absolute hate and vitriol, the conspiracy theories, the meanness, the desire to not let this president do anything without attacking him?
Overdue.
You hear this news yesterday, you see all the partisan rancor, you're hearing the guy attacked us, an assassination attempt, what do you think?
We really do. Has it ever been this bad from your perspective?
The rhetoric, the intensity, the conspiracy theories, a desire not to even let this guy attempt to govern, in my opinion.
When we come back, that and more as "Hannity" continues from our nation's capital tonight. Please stay with us.
Welcome back from our nation's capital. Unfortunately that's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. Always fair, always balanced. And we'll see you back in New York tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 7  ***************************************************
 You know, do you remember in 2010 when the IRS was used as a weapon against all these Tea Party and conservative groups? I remember I actually went to your old hometown in Atlanta. You know, we had 20,000- plus people show up at a rally outside. That was done by design. I actually sense the same strategy is being evoked. You're right, Fox News is the only place on television that I think President Trump gets fair coverage. Not -- and I'm one of his supporters.
But overall, the news division, he gets fair coverage. And talk radio -- Rush, Mark, Laura, Beck and all of us -- we've all been targeted at some point.
And my question is, do you think this is done by design to shut down Fox or at least take away...
... the heart and soul of it before 20?
All right, Mr. Speaker, stay right there. We are going to focus on the issues. We'll continue with Speaker Gingrich after the break.
And coming up, Democrats now in full force trying to distort President Trump's accomplishments ahead of his 100th day in office. We will lay out the facts for you. We'll set the record straight.
And also later tonight...
Yes, we want people to die -- dirty air, dirty water. Now, the nasty rhetoric from the left is nothing. We'll explain how it has been a part of their playbook for years. And Michelle Malkin will be here with reaction.
That and more on this very busy news night on this busy news week here on "Hannity."
And welcome back to "Hannity." So Saturday will mark the 100 days that Donald Trump has been in office. And since being sworn in as commander-in-chief, the president has been moving at Trump lightning speed, checking off promise after promise, line by line, one by one.
Now, take a look at the side of your screen. We will report what the mainstream media will ignore, everything that Donald Trump has accomplished so far.
Now, as it appears, Donald Trump has no plans of slowing down. This week, we're expecting to learn a lot more about the president's plans on tax reform, another one of his key promises. A new Washington Post/ABC News poll that came out yesterday shows that if the election were held today, President Trump would still have defeated Hillary Clinton and he would have won the popular vote.
Still with us, speaker of the House -- former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich. You know, they don't want to cover his accomplishments, which are numerous and money. Now, Congress has been a little slow. You and I have discussed the lack of urgency there. But they have made agreement on a health care bill. We will get this economic plan passed one way or the other.
How would you rate his first 100 days?
Yes?
By the way, that's a tough show.
Yes
You know, you -- I will tell you this. I think the bigger surprise in 100 days -- the China relationship. I think it's huge, especially helping with North Korea and even importing American coal, rather than North Korean coal, then meeting with the Saudis, meeting with King Abdullah of Jordan, meeting with President El-Sisi, General El-Sisi of Egypt, meeting with the Israeli prime minister, and acting in Syria, mother of all bombs. That's massive.
But I don't think you can also -- I think the other big accomplishment is energy independence is massive for both security and job creation, and getting rid of regulation.
Can you just agree with me, though, that Congress has been a little pathetically slow, that they need to...
... unlike the health care bill...
... maybe build consensus before they release the stupid bill?
Neil Gorsuch.
Yes, all those people...
... that said he wasn't...
OK, from your lips, I'm hoping. I'm hoping! I'll give you this -- by the way, and Neil Gorsuch, a huge promise, originalist on the court.
Mr. Speaker, thank you, as always, for being with us.
Appreciate it.
And up next on this busy news night on this busy news week tonight here on "Hannity."
All right, a deeper dive when we get back. The left has tried to smear conservative, Republicans and silence them for years. It's not new. We'll get reaction from Michelle Malkin.
And also tonight...
President Trump continuing to show what leading from the front looks like. We'll check in with Monica Crowley, Rob O'Neil, the guy who killed bin Laden -- they're here with reaction.
Plus, I go one on one with my good friend, Geraldo Rivera, about the border wall straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So for years, many on the alt left, well, hate Trump media, including some of America's top elected officials -- they've used very divisive rhetoric to smear conservative and anyone they disagree with, anyone that disagrees with their worldview. Watch this!
Now, liberals, they can try and silence, smear, slander their critics, but as I have reiterated many times, this show is not going to be intimidated by the language of the left. Joining us now, the host of "Michelle Malkin Investigates" CRTV, Michelle Malkin.
This is not new to us. We both have had pretty big bullseyes on our back for many, many years. But I don't think it's ever been this bad, and I'm just not going to take lies, slander and smear anymore. And that's why I'm fighting back I hope for all of us. This isn't about me, Michelle.
I would never in my lifetime -- if I don't like the speaker, I won't go. I would never -- let Bill Maher say anything he wants. I don't care. I would never support a boycott of Rachel Maddow or Don Lemon. Let the viewers decide. Let them decide who they want to watch or not watch. To me, this boycott now has become the weapon to intimidate phony boycotts -- 5,000 people actually are really 300 and they make advertisers nervous, but it's all to really silence, shutdown, intimidate people from saying what they want to say. This is dangerous. At the end of the day, this is dangerous for the country. And I don't know conservatives that support boycotts. I don't support boycotts.
Do you think smell blood now? Because I think they do.
That's a good point, that hated our support, for example, of the president and don't want to admit that they were wrong and oh, Trump can't win. He'll never appoint a conservative Supreme Court justice. The more fascinating thing to me is there are people paid, and I know who they are. And they sit in their underwear. Can you imagine what a loser must be if your job is to monitor Sean Hannity's every word, four hours a day, and then try and catch him saying something you can use against him to get him off the air? But that is happening to every conservative on FOX, writers, bloggers, radio host. It's happening to everybody. This is now a well- funded, orchestrated campaign to destroy and to silence voices.
Well said. A great admonition and warning. I hope people pay attention. We will fight back here on this program. Thank you, Michelle.
And coming up next, tonight, right here on "Hannity" --
President Trump is not backing down in the face of North Korean aggression. Up next, we will get reaction from Monica Crowley, Rob O'Neill, who killed Usama bin Laden. And also tonight --
What? House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, she says President Trump is weak for wanting a border wall. What is this lunacy going to end? Geraldo and I shoot it out one-on-one, straight ahead.
That was President Trump earlier today during a working lunch with the U.N. Security Council ambassadors. This comes as North Korea is ramping up once again aggression towards the U.S. Over the weekend, a U.S. citizen was detained in North Korea at the airport, and Reuters is reporting that a North Korean newspaper is threatening, quote, "Our revolutionary forces are combat ready to sink a U.S. nuclear powered aircraft carrier with a single strike."
Here with reaction, author of the new book "The Operator," former Navy SEAL Rob O'Neill -- he of course killed bin Laden -- and Monica Crowley. By the way, "The Operator, Firing the Shot that Killed Usama Bin Laden and My Years as a SEAL Team Warrior," great book.
This is really serious. And this is why. This is why preventing Iran from getting nukes is so important. North Korea has them. Now we have a dilemma. They're threatening to use them. South Korea is in jeopardy and Japan is in jeopardy, China is in jeopardy. The good news is we have an alliance building with China which nobody anticipated with President Trump. The danger is how do we take out the sites and not kill millions of people?
Can you just say, the mother of all bombs.
And the good news is President Trump got along with the president of China. And he did send back the North Korean coal and he did put troops on the border, and he is talking about more trade.
Would it be possible they were thinking out of the box here, that the president would align with China in a strike against North Korea?
This chubby little despot dictator who is going to kill people in South Korea and Japan.
This is so different than Syria and the mother of all bombs. These guys have nukes and this guy is nuts.
I'll throw this to Monica. What if he goes scorched earth and launches one of those short ranged nukes? Millions will die.
But this is the danger when a crazy person gets a nuke. Thank you, Bill Clinton.
Let China do it. They got the military, and we can offer logistical support.
Rob, I love your new book, "The Operator, Firing the Shot that Killed Usama Bin Laden and My Years as a SEAL Team Warrior." Congratulations.
Up next, tonight, right here in "Hannity" --
What? Did I just hear that? The most bizarre liberal excuses to obstruct President Trump's plan to build a border wall. Up next, Geraldo Rivera, my friend and I go one-on-one, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "HANNITY." So obstructionist Democrats, they continue to come up with new reasons for blocking funding for the president's proposed border wall. Here is the latest bizarre excuse from the House minority leader, Democrat Nancy Pelosi. Take a look.
That is so dumb. The president and his administration are not backing down. The president tweeted, quote, "The Democrats don't want money from the budget going to the border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS-13 gang members." The Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney, he called out the Democrats stunning hypocrisy on the issue by saying, quote --
Here with reaction, Fox News correspondent at large, our friend, Geraldo Rivera.
Good to see you.
You just got to start in, right.
This I real friendship.
You come around on the wall? But in 2006, Democrats supported the wall.
They're down 60 not.
Enforcing the law.
Yes.
You were in the mountains of Tora Bora. You were one of the few that said -- I remember on my show, "He's right behind me," and you turned, history has proven you right. We want it because we don't want the drugs. We don't want gangs. We don't want terrorists crossing that border. That will ensure they can't get across. That's my biggest reason.
Will they shut the government down?
Geraldo, if he does not build this wall, which was the foundation of his electoral success, it will be "read my lips, no new taxes."
In fairness, he would say, no, they're not going to write me a check, but this is how we are going to get them to pay.
No wall. It will destroy his chances of reelection, this one issue. I believe that.
I've got to run.
He's got to build it or else it's political suicide.
All right, up next, we need your help, a very important "Question of the Day," and, yes, hit me with your best shot, the HANNITY hotline straight ahead. I won't sue you.
Time for the "Question of the Day." So what would you grade President Trump first 100 days. I want your honest opinion. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think. Hit me with your best shot. I may sue you. No, I won't sue you over the hotline. Here is the "Hannity" hotline.
Have something nice to say, mean to say, doesn't matter. Call the number on your screen, 877-225-8587. On a personal note, so many of you have written me, so many of you have made great supportive comments on social media. I know that this camera, this show, my radio show, is only because of you. I will never forget it. And also, it's time we stop liberal fascism.
We will see you back here tomorrow night. As always, thank you for being with us. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 8  ***************************************************
 All right. Brand new information this hour from Sara Carter who will join us in a minute. She's reporting that the House Intel Committee Chair Devin Nunes is now asking former top Obama administration officials for answers about how much the former president knew about the Clinton bought and paid for dossier and when he found out about it.
This is the dossier that was filled with Russian government lies. Of course, Clinton used it to try and influence and manipulate the minds of the American people. This is the one the FBI relied heavily on to get that FISA warrant to spy on the Trump campaign associate Carter Page during an election year. Sara Carter's reporting that Congressman Nunes, he sent letters to many unnamed former senior Obama officials in an attempt to find out the extent of their knowledge about the phony dossier.
We have been saying on this program for months now that we want to know what former Obama officials like John Brennan, James Clapper, Susan Rice, the new queen of unmasking, Samantha Power, and Ben Rhodes and President Obama, what they knew, when they knew it.
And Sara Carter has also obtained a list of questions that the chairman, Chairman Nunes, wants answers to. Here are the most pertinent ones. We'll put them on the screen.
When and how did you first become aware of any of the information contained in the Steele dossier? Congressional investigations have uncovered that the Obama FBI, DOJ and even the State Department of Obama all either were given the dossier or were told about what was in the dossier so the number of people potentially involved is vast and it is widespread.
The next question, who did you share this information with when and in what form? Please describe each and every instance.
And remember, before President Obama left office, remember he amended that executive order 12333, that made it easier to share information across 17 government intelligence agencies by the way he never worked under this executive order.
The next question, when did you first learn or come to believe that the steel dossier was funded by the Democratic National Committee and the Clinton campaign. Hillary and the DNC, of course, Donna Brazile told us she was controlling the money at the DNC, they paid over, what, $12 million for these Russian lies, government lies, propaganda, to propagandize the American people influence the election another question asking when did you first become aware that the Steele dossier was used to obtain a FISA order on Carter Page.
We now know from two Republican memos that the dossier to spy on Carter Page, Trump associate was first granted in October of 2016, before the election. It was renewed three times afterwards and yet people like James Comey, Andrew McCabe, Sally Yates, Rod Rosenstein, oh and we can't forget Lisa Page and her mistress -- and her boyfriend. And then, of course, Dana Boente.
We also know that that McCabe testified without the dossier that application for that FISA warrant never would have been approved. And speaking of the application, remember, in the Grassley-Graham memo, the bulk of that FISA warrant application relied on the garbage this dossier had in it that Fusion GPS and the FBI never verified.
That's even more troubling because under oath, remember James Comey, he said it was salacious. He said it was on verified and he also briefed then President-elect Trump about the fake news dossier and that was in January 2017, and he said the same thing to Donald Trump. He said it was unverified and salacious. But months earlier, in October, Comey had no problem using it to get the FISA warrant to surveil Carter Page.
On to the next question, this is a very important. Was President Obama briefed on any information contained in the dossier prior to January 5th, 2017?
We know about January 5th and that meeting because the former national security adviser, remember, Susan Rice, she's the one that sent her email to herself on President Trump's inauguration day, and on the way out of the White House, Rice is describing a meeting from January 5th, 15 days prior when she and then Vice President Joe Biden, James Comey, the Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates, herself and the president were all in this meeting.
She stressed, oh, Barack Obama wanted everything with the Russian investigation to be done by the book. He wanted it by the book. He did not instigate this investigation. He wanted it by the book. It sounds like a CYA.
Why would Rice send an email on her way out of the White House? Sounds like she's trying to cover herself and President Obama. Her attorney, of course, is saying that the email was not unusual at all. Really? You believe that
Nunes is also asking those Obama officials if they had any contact with members of the media about this dossier and we learned that the former British spy Christopher Steele, he was briefing outlets like 'The New York Times,' 'The Washington Post', Yahoo News, fake news CNN, all about the dossier, all before the election. And Nunes is now giving these officials until March the 2nd to reply.
By the way, we did reach out to former President Obama for comment. Shockingly, they never got back to us. So, in addition to finding out what Obama knew when he knew it, when it comes to the dossier, we're now asking the same questions about the Russian election interference.
The Mueller indictment clearly lays out that this Russian interference campaign started in 2014. Donald Trump wasn't running, and we now know despite warnings back in 2014 from people like Congressman Devin Nunes, President Obama did nothing. We're calling it a dereliction of duty especially when you consider what Obama said just a couple of weeks before the election lecturing Donald Trump to stop whining. Take a look.
How about you stop whining! No serious president would have ignored the warnings in they would have known that Russia was a hostile nation with a hostile actor named Vladimir Putin. Remember, remember tell Vladimir that I'll have more flexibility after the election.
It's time for President Obama -- you got to start telling the American people what you knew when you knew it on the dossier and especially we want to find out what the former president knew. When did he know that Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid for these Russian lies, and did he know that the dossier was used to spy on a member of the Trump campaign in an election year?
And, by the way, on the issue of election interference, why didn't Obama act? Was it because he thought Hillary Clinton was going to win and he didn't care, why be bothered?
Anyway, the president has been slamming Obama on Twitter -- President Trump that is -- for his response to not responding to the Russian election interference. Here's the president, President Trump's recent tweet on this topic. 'I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama just looked at all the facts, total fake news.'
And White House press secretary Sarah Sanders schools the media today on how President Trump has been much tougher on Russia than Obama.
Liberal media, I know you don't do any work. You may want to play pay close attention, maybe learn something. Take a look.
We're going to have more examples of how Obama failed over and over again when it comes to Russia. We'll have that later in the show.
This includes, of course, Uranium One. That includes allowing Vladimir Putin to wrestle control of 20 percent of our uranium when it's in short supply. Why would any administration let a hostile foreign actor ever do that to this country?
And we've also been telling you about how it all started in 2009. You have Putin-led Russian operatives right here in American soil. They begin operating themselves. They wanted a foothold in America's uranium market, remember, we've been telling you about this FBI informant Douglas Campbell. Well, he was there the entire time, documenting, uncovering everything, bribery, extortion, kickbacks, money laundering and they did nothing. How is that possible?
Also tonight, the special counsel Robert Mueller announces a new plea deal with a lawyer tied to Paul Manafort and Rick Gates. The lawyer accepted this plea deal for lying, quote, to the FBI again. Oh no collusion and included the legal documents and it's some very interesting information, by the way, and Mueller outlines how the lawyer deleted oh that sounds familiar and didn't hand over emails that have been requested by the special counsel. Wow.
Is Robert Mueller now setting a legal standard? Is he setting a precedent can we now go back and get Hillary Clinton? She deleted, she acid-washed, she bleached bit and she beat the crap out of devices with a hammer.
Mueller thinks that what this lawyer did was wrong and illegal, then maybe he should take a cold hard look at the 33,000 emails that were subpoenaed that she erased, then acid washed, then BleachBit and that had her aides beat up with a hammer. I think that's a good start.
And, by the way, her team gave the FBI cell phones, we've got to give them credit. Oh, the only problem is they any SIM cards in them which basically rendered them useless. So, if Mueller does care even a little bit about the equal application under the law, equal justice under the law, well, he'd be investigating Hillary Clinton for destroying evidence at an FBI investigation, and that could be just the start of Clinton's legal troubles.
We told you last night about an article written by a lawyer Robert Barnes for the Website 'Law & Crime'. Here's the headline: does Mueller's indictment when you read it mean Clinton's campaign can be indicted herself for Christopher Steele. This is a fascinating article because Barnes is pointing out that since Robert Mueller indicted Russian trolls in part for failing to register as foreign agents and for not reporting their activities to the FEC, well, not in the indictment, it is in the overall text if you actually read the indictment.
Well, does that create a legal standard from Mueller to go after Christopher Steele, Fusion GPS, the law firm Perkins Coie, the DNC, and Hillary Clinton herself?
Here's the legal reason why: Steele, he's also a foreign citizen. He was paid by Fusion GPS. We haven't seen that Steele ever registered as a foreign agent or that Steele reported to the Federal Election Commission what he was being paid. So, if we're going to go off this precedent set by the Russia indictment, all the conditions are there in this case, Robert Mueller should be investigating Steele, Clinton, Fusion GPS, Perkins Coie, the DNC, and Hillary Clinton. Isn't about fairness and equal application of the law?
If Mueller's going after Russian trolls, then maybe he'd be OK with prosecuting Steele and the people paying him to create a phony dossier full of Russian lies that they tried to use to lie to the American people.
Rush Limbaugh had an amazing point on his radio show yesterday about why Mueller only indicted the Russians for certain crimes. He nails it. This is brilliant. Take a look.
That's why they didn't go after the FEC issues. That's why they didn't go after the FERC issue. What Rush is saying here is brilliant it's that Mueller may have been shielding Hillary Clinton by limiting the charges announced against the Russian trolls because all of that could have been applied to Fusion GPS, Hillary Clinton, the campaign, Perkins Coie and the rest of them. Brilliant point.
So, Mueller again, Hillary Clinton how does she get everybody to protect her? She's -- it's always rigged in her case.
Finally, tonight, we have more damning information about Mueller's top partisan attack dog Andrew Weissmann. Take a look at the headline, 'LA Times' is getting on board, finally doing some reporting in the media. 'Mueller deputy Andrew Weissmann has a reputation for hard charging tactics and sometimes going too far. ' Then, 'LA Times' details how Weissmann has very close ties to the special counsel Robert Mueller which includes serving as his FBI general counsel for two years, maybe this will explain why Mueller decided to tap Weissmann as his lead prosecutor even though Weissmann has the most atrocious record of any lawyer that I've ever seen in my life. We've told you how he's biased, a political partisan hack how he's donated thousand to the Democrats, including Obama.
And aside from Weissmann's clear and obvious political bias, what about his track record as a prosecutor? Sara Carter last Friday broke the story about how in a 1997 case Weissmann was officially reprimanded by a judge for withholding exculpatory evidence, not the first time. In the end, Weissmann got bailed out by his powerful friend and his name was retroactively removed from the complaint. That's just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to Weissmann.
And as part of the Enron scandal, remember Weismann's aggressive tactics. It caused the accounting firm Andersen Accounting to go out of business. It costs tens of thousands of jobs, people lost their jobs. Weissmann secured a very controversial obstruction of justice conviction against Andersen that was overturned by the Supreme Court unanimous 9-0.
He put four Merrill executives in jail for a year those convictions also overturned by the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. And the 'LA Times' is reporting as part of the Enron prosecution, Weissmann named people as unindicted co-conspirators. Why is that important? Because defense lawyers argued that by threatening these 114 people with prosecution, Weismann was able to block testimony that could have helped their clients.
So, in other words, Weissmann was once again basically withholding exculpatory evidence. It's hard to even fathom how anybody is corrupt and crooked as Weissmann could ever be considered to be part of Mueller's special counsel team. He has so many red flags, yet Mueller took him on. He is his pit bull and that alone ought to basically raised questions about Mueller's judgment. But and then again, most of Mueller's team is filled with Democratic donors, so maybe that's what Mueller was going for all along.
Here with reaction tonight, FOX News contributor Sara Carter, civil rights criminal defense attorney David Schoen, FOX News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett.
Mr. Schoen, let's start with you. You know Robert Mueller well. Did he pick Andrew Weissmann by accident? Did he not know about this atrocious record and background?
Mr. Schoen, I want to tell you something. My mother was a prison guard, my dad worked in family court probation. I had more relatives cops and in the FBI. No greater respect.
Those that accused me, I also believe in our Constitution. I believe in the rule of law. I believe that everyone's innocent until proven guilty.
Three villains.
So, Simpson Steele and Hillary potential legal jeopardy.
More than potentially.
All right. Sara, let's go to your breaking news tonight.
All right. Let me -- Mr. Schoen, let me go to you. What do we do now that we have a special prosecutor that seemingly has exceeded his authority that has put a team of abusively politically and biased people on this team? What do you do? He seems to have unlimited power in this case to do whatever the hell he feels.
Good luck, we're not the media. We're different.
Unbelievable.
Yes, Gregg, you've said this about Weissmann.
That's it.
It was the bulk of information according to the Grassley-Graham memo.
To all of you, thank you for your good work. We're not giving up on this. We're going to stay all over it. Tom Fitton, Sebastian Gorka and more. Stay with us.
All right. Here with reaction to tonight's news opening monologue, Judicial Watch president Tom Fitton and former deputy assistant to the president, FOX News national security strategist, Sebastian Gorka.
Dr. Gorka, there's so much to unravel here on so many different levels and what we're really beginning to see is that more and more there's evidence that this goes back to the Obama administration. And even the president knew. The Susan Rice memo to self is very revealing to me.
That should have happened a long time ago and he should never have been allowed to put this abusively by his team together.
Tom, let me read you something. This is from the DOJ's announcement from last Friday when they actually went out and said -- when they said the indictment includes eight criminal counts and criminal conspiracy, defraud the U.S. The defendants allegedly conspired to defraud the U.S. by impairing the lawful functions of the FEC, the U.S. Department of Justice, U.S. Department of State in administrating federal requirements of disclosure for foreign involvement certain domestic activities.
That was a political document, that indictment, because they know that they are not going to arrest any of the people, but your point is well taken, that there is Russian interference, there was and Hillary Clinton's campaign and the DNC brought to the Russians in, Dr. Gorka, they paid the Russians to be involved in this, short of the trolls, apart from the trolls and why wanted the Russians think that they could get away with it? After all, Vladimir Putin put his operatives in America and got our 20 percent of our uranium, why would they think anything else?
I have to roll, you guys have been doing amazing work. Keep up the good work. We need your voice every night, I wish that there was the one big moment that you cross the finish line, this is going to unfold day by day, night after night and we will have all of the latest information, and we had made a lot of progress in the year. When we come back, we will hold President Obama accountable for all of its failures as it relates to Russia, something that the mainstream media says they care about Russia, full of crap, we will explain straight ahead.
No serious President would've allowed Vladimir Putin and Russia to get 20 percent of our uranium. Great job, President Obama. Lecturing President Trump to stop whining about election meddling. Why did not do you do something? By the way President Trump now slamming Obama for his tepid response to Russia's bizarre behavior, tweeting 'I've been much tougher on Russia than Obama, just look at the facts, total fake news.' The President is right, the Obama administration constantly sucked up to the Vladimir Putin regime giving them a pass including this cringe worthy moment featuring the now infamous Russian reset that never worked. Take a look.
We will just give you 20 percent of our uranium and hope that you like us. Remember that President Obama promised to be flexible with the kremlin following the reelection, he said Vladimir, tell Vladimir more flexibility. Take a look.
Transmit to Vladimir, great job, joining us with reaction National Syndicated Radio host Larry Elder, Fox News correspondent at large, somebody apparently that is hanging Larry with the President at Mar- a-Lago and we did not get an invitation, what is up with that Geraldo?
All right. You get the point that I am making here.
Never happening. The Russians were brought in and paid for by Hillary. Just like -- who is going to give away uranium? We do not have enough uranium, Larry.
Geraldo? Why are you causing a problem on the program, Larry? Are you going to drag me now into this whole thing?
I cannot have either one of you on the show anymore. You guys are done, you are both troublemakers. The whole bunch of you. Go ahead.
Last word, Larry.
All right guys. Love you both. Thank you for being with us. You are responsible for your own trouble, Jesse Watters, Jessica Tarlov next. Straight ahead.
All right. In the Mueller indictment of the 13 Russian nationals, it says that honor about the November 12 2016 the Russian trolls organized pro-Trump and anti-Trump rallies in the same day in New York City, deciding to take a look how fake news, the poll network CNN and MSNBC, the conspiracy network covered up the anti-Trump protest in New York City that day coming here is how they covered this.
We have not been able to independently confirm that to that rally was literally set up by the Russian trolls, but it's kind of it's funny that the mainstream media was playing right into Vladimir Putin's hands apparently, according to the Media Research Center. The President tweeted tonight 'bad ratings CNN, MSNBC got scammed when they covered the anti- Trump Russian rally, wall-to-wall, they probably knew that it was fake news but because it was a rally against me they posted hard anyway, two really dishonest newscasters, but the public is watching.' Here with reaction co- host of 'The Five' and the host of 'Watter's World,' there you go, Jesse Watters is here, Jessica Tarlov Fox News contributor.
Wait a minute this is his method, my world. We are all in it.
You know look, I will do something that may surprise you, it is possible that nobody knew, I don't think that they did it wittingly, I think that for whatever influence, social media, firing your points that it was minimal, nobody would have known that this was a Russian rally, but the fact that they covered it with such enthusiasm is kind of funny.
Were you watching Jesse's world?
You are in your bed crying?
Trump won, and you do not think it was going to happen.
It is not over yet, Jesse. Who knows?
Hold on. The Graham-Grassley memo says that the bulk of it was rejected. The bulk of it, and McCabe said, no dossier, no FISA a warrant.
The bulk means 80 or 90 percent.
Do you want Obama to answer Jesse's questions?
I will give Obama five hours, an entire week with me and Obama on the show.
I'm ready to give my score.
Jesse wins.
All right. Ready, one, two, --
When we come back, a big announcement in the Hannity hotline, straight ahead.
All right. A time for the Hannity hotline. Hit me with your best shot. What do you got?
I work hard on that monologue every day. What is it with my hair? Picking on me. All right. Anyway have anything to say call us now, 8772258587. All right. Programming note. Tomorrow night and Thursday night, usual time live, 9:00 eastern, we will be coming to you from national harbor Maryland as CPAC 2018 gets underway. You do not want to miss it and also the President will be speaking there. Again tomorrow night at 9:00 Thursday night at 9:00. That is all the time we have left. Let not your heart be troubled, we will never be the destroy Trump media. Laura is next, we will see you tomorrow night from CPAC.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 9  ***************************************************
 And then on election night, after Trump stunning victory, it was like a funeral for the mainstream media. You may remember some of this.
And since the election, the media has done everything possible to try and damage President Trump by pushing, of course, the Trump Russia, Russia, Russia collusion narrative, despite no evidence whatsoever at this point.
Look at this non-stop shameful coverage.
Pretty unbelievable.
Joining us now with reaction, former deputy assistant to the president, Fox News contributor, Sebastian Gorka, and Fox News contributor Herman Cain.
You know, Dr. Gorka, they never expected this. They couldn't -- they were shocked by it all. It was a funeral on November 8th, 2016. But the worst part is ever since there's been an effort to undo or to delegitimize this president and get him out of office any by any means necessary. So, it gets really serious.
They do.
It is a form of insanity, I'm not disagreeing with you.
Herman Cain, you experienced all this firsthand. You can speak from experience --
-- how bad this is, but it's still a lot worse for President Trump.
You know, Dr. Gorka, as you look at, you know, then the year of really trying to get them out of office. That's what their goal has been.
But if at a lower level is to delegitimize and the words, the adjectives that are used on an hourly basis on cable TV and in supposedly, you know, hard news journalistic centers, ABC, CBS, NBC is the worst, and you know, Washington Post, New York Times, that they use to describe the president. Are they hurt in the office?
Sure.
What do you make Herman of the -- what I call, this is the year of the boomerang. In other words, now we know that the Clinton Foundation is and has been for months investigated which it should be. Now we know they've reopened an investigation into the email server scandal. Then we know that Comey and Peter Strzok literally rigged that investigation months before writing an exoneration letter before an investigation.
All of these things now and Trump-Russia collusion dying out, it seems that there's been a dramatic turn of events that the media never expected. Did they ever admit at some point they were wrong about Trump and Russia? Do they look at Hillary Clinton funding a dossier full of lies, Russian propaganda, lies and salacious material and say that could be collusion? Was it used for a FISA warrant?
All right. Thank you both for being with us. We really appreciate it.
Welcome back to this special edition of "Hannity."
All right. Since President Trump took office last January, there's been no shortage of negative nasty downright biased coverage from the mainstream media and their favorite anchors.
Tonight, we're going to show you some of the very worst offenders and we start with fake news Jake Tapper over at CNN fake news.
Watch this.
Yes, of course. He prefers presidents like Clinton and Obama. You know, they try to bribe murdering dictators. And, by the way Jake Tapper, is only one of the many Trump haters over at fake news CNN, including their so-called White House correspondent Jim Acosta.
Take a look at some of his worst moments.
Wow. Not to be outdone by CNN, you have conspiracy TV MSNBC. They've also been broadcasting a non-stop Trump hate-fest over the past year. It's especially true of holy host Joy Reid who never mass her hostility towards the president.
Here's a few of her highlights, well, low lights.
And, of course, we can't forget about cable news' most cringe-worthy couple, of course, liberal Joel and Mika, whose biased and deranged coverage of President Trump frankly is unmatched by anybody.
Take a look.
They seem mentally unfit to host a cable show.
Here with reaction, author of the bestseller, "Let Trump Be Trump: The Inside Story of His Rise to the Presidency", Fox News contributor David Bossie, conservative commentator Monica Crowley, and The Hill's Joe Concha.
Joe, you actually -- you have the great distinct honor, privilege and pleasure. You watch this daily. It's now become every minute -- tell me where I'm wrong here -- basically every minute of every day Trump, Trump, Trump. And they're all living in this bubble and trying to outdo each other. If one says, he's deranged, no, no, he's super, super deranged. You're wrong, I'm right.
What's that?
You know, Monica -- it's kind of -- maybe I should be really happy because they all regurgitate each other. So, it leaves it wide open for me and now, we see that a lot of what we've talked about in the last year about the Clinton Foundation and about the email server now coming to true.
David Bossie, you know you wrote a book "Let Trump Be Trump", you were there, I was there, I never heard of a guy Papadopoulos, you would think that he was the most prominent man on the campaign if you watched these cable channels. I don't know if you knew him at all, but I did -- I did not know him and I think you guys saw me an awful lot on the campaign, probably more than you wanted.
And then you know Michael Wolff is writing a book, but he's saying, well, it may not be totally accurate and I can speak for myself things in the book he wrote about me are not true.
And, you know --
And you were there.
So, Joe what do we expect this year? In my view, the media has never going to get better. They don't admit they're wrong. Hell's going to freeze over first.
And that's why we put this tape of the show together tonight, Monica, because it's so important. As there's so much material, I could probably just run the tape and everyone will get the message.
Yes.
David Bossie, we'll give you the last word. Does this continue all through his presidency? And I would argue that if the economy keeps growing and there's -- and he stays strong against radical Islam and protects the homeland, I don't think he'll have a hard time winning reelection.
Not this bad, though.
It's so corrupt. There's so dishonest. There is so much lying going on to the American people. All right good insight all three of you and Happy New Year to you all, when we come back, the media has been caught red-handed spreading fake news on major stories. We'll show you these major mistakes on this special edition of "Hannity" continues
Welcome back to this special edition of "Hannity," 2017 was a pretty rough year for the mainstream media in their rush to attack President Trump, many fake news mistakes were made. Perhaps the worst example is from ABC news. last year, Brian Ross, he was suspended for ABC for four weeks without pay for this false report claiming that during the campaign, candidate Trump told Lieutenant General Michael Flynn to reach out to Russia, take a look.
Of course he was completely wrong and hours later he had to issue a correction, watch this.
Now there's a huge difference between candidates Trump and president-Elect Trump, asking General Flynn to contact soon to be Russian counterparts, but ABC news isn't the only outlet caught reporting false stories, fake news, CNN the Clinton news network had several high-profile fake news stories like this report from early last month, take a look.
And of course that story proved to be completely false as well. Don't forget back in June three CNN employees resigned over a story about a top Trump ally and a Russian investment bank, they had to retract that in December. One of the dishonest Washington Post reporters David Weigel, he posted a picture from President Trump's rally showing a small crowd, the sarcastic caption reads packed to the rafters and it was taken before everyone had come in. He had to apologize and then deleted the tweet. If spreading fake news wasn't the only major problem for the media in 2017, they also had some ridiculous examples of "so-called reporting." Let us watch this.
All right joining us now former secret service agent Dan Bongino, Fox news contributor, former Congressman Jason Chaffetz, radio talk show host, Fox news contributor Tammy Bruce, Dan, I look at all of this, it's beyond superfluous on some level, but then it's outright evil on another level. When you start trying to delegitimize a duly elected president thrown out of office.
Congressman Chaffetz, there's another side of this we've now seen in the last 24 hours. The Clinton foundation has been investigated, now being investigated for months. And Hillary Clinton's email server and that investigation is now ongoing. There's big stories out here that they are not reporting on that could have severe consequences and I will argue this may be bigger than Watergate by a long shot when it's all done, thoughts.
Tammy, what's your take on this, where does this go?
By the way, what a standard that is.
Dan, I showed last night Ronald Reagan, evil empire. The media thought he was going to start a nuclear war. George W. Bush, axis of evil. They thought he was going to start Armageddon. If you don't try and bribe murdering dictators and appease them with billions of tax dollars like Clinton and Obama, anything you say that might sound a little tough to a two bit rocket man dictator, you know, offends them, not the guy that is threatening to hit the button that is on his desk, it's the president there offended that, you better not to do it, we'll hit you back much harder.
Congressman?
So well said. All right. Good to see you all, happy new year. When we come back on this special edition of "Hannity." some of the president's most epic takedowns of the fake news media. And you get to weigh in, on the fake news media, will tell you how, straight ahead.
We are back on the special edition of Hannity. President Trump has had some epic takedowns of the media this year, you may remember when he re-tweeted this mock a video of him, body slamming CNN, they had a fit, but it was funny. Watch.
And the president also had no problem putting CNN grand standard Jim Acosta in his place, this is pretty epic, watch.
All right. The president's never missed an opportunity to slam the fake news media at any of his rallies. Let's remind you at this.
Joining us now former Arizona Republican Congressman J.D. Hayworth, chairman of the American conservative union, Matt Schlapp. J.D. you've dealt with this in the course of your career. I mean the reality is there's a lot of fake news. There is no discerning objective news media like they claim that they are. This is an opinion program, I'm an advocacy journalist, we make no pretense on this program, and I have an opinion.
that is probably the one thing that I think Matt, the media expects or even the anti-Trump crowd, that they think they can somehow pressure Donald Trump into changing and becoming the president and acting the way the president should act. The one thing that I think that distinguish him and makes him so successful is bypassing the media, tweeting out his opinions, tweeting people and fighting back. I think the people that support him find it extraordinarily refreshing.
It is great because it's like Alka-Seltzer and water. They bubble and the fizz and go on TV and find the worst adjective they can to describe anybody. I think they just exposed themselves to a point they can't recover.
that is really well said, last word Matt.
Agreed. Thank you both. When we come back, we're going to give you an opportunity to weigh in on who's the worst of the worst in fake news, as this special edition of "Hannity" continues.
Welcome back to "Hannity," this special edition of "Hannity." Unfortunately that is all the time we have left this evening. Make sure you go to Hannity.com and vote for who you think is the worst fake news offender. And don't forget, if you have something to say to me, you can sound of, get it off your chest in the Hannity hotline 8772258587. Let me have it. As always, thank you for being with us. We will never be destroyed Trump-media, we are fair, where balance. Have a great weekend. We will see back here on Monday. Laura Ingraham takes over, right now.

show#: 10  ***************************************************
 All right. As you can see, we are at the "Hannity" big board tonight for a very special reason. Tonight, you see all this, all this here? We are going to untangle the giant web of Clinton scandals and corruption. It's unlike anything we have ever done on the show before, it's coming up in just a few minutes.
But first, the Attorney General Jeff Sessions, he appeared to downplay the idea of appointing a special counsel to investigate the corrupt Uranium One deal and the pay to play Clinton Foundation issue. However, sources are telling me tonight Sessions may in fact not be revealing all of his cards. Now, I can tell you this tonight, from what I am hearing, investigations may already be under way, and things, apparently, are moving very quickly.
Now, keep that in mind while you listen to this exchange between Ohio Congressman Jim Jordan and the Attorney General Jeff Sessions about appointing a special counsel. Watch this.
All right. Now, the Department of Justice has since put out a statement tonight to further explain Attorney General Jeff Sessions' comments. It says, quote, "The attorney general was clarifying the legal basis for appointing a special counsel, not passing judgment on whether it applied in any specific investigation."
Now, that statement and Sessions' testimony today is crucial in all of this. Now, Sessions is explaining that just because a special counsel has not been appointed, that does not mean that it won't happen, and that the threshold for one won't eventually be met.
Now, look, we've been exposing these massive Clinton scandals, and frankly I believe crimes, on this show for over a year. Yes. It's frustrating, people are getting impatient. I totally understand why Congressman Jim Jordan was pressing and demanding answers to important questions. We all want the truth. There needs to be an investigation because we know laws were broken. We know crimes were committed. The evidence is overwhelming, it's incontrovertible.
Now, with all that said, things are happening that we can't reveal all the information tonight, but here's what I can tell you. If you listen very closely to Sessions today, he is suggesting that it would take, quote, "A factual basis that meets the standards of a special counsel" in order for the DOJ to make that type of appointment. Those words, I can assure you, were carefully crafted.
Now sources told me earlier this month, and we reported it right here on the show, that Sessions has not, hear me, has not recused himself in the Uranium One scandal, and if there is an ongoing investigation, Sessions isn't going to, can't reveal all that in an open setting in front of Congress. Now, we're going to have a lot more to say about these things in the coming days.
Now, Congressman Ron DeSantis, he also had a very interesting exchange with the attorney general today. Watch this.
All that should sound very familiar because it is exactly what the facts are, what we've been telling you on the show for months, that Vladimir Putin and his agents, they orchestrated a bribery kickback, money laundering racketeering scheme all in an attempt to get a foothold in America's uranium market. Now, this of course was all going on while Hillary Clinton and the Obama administration were signing off on that corrupt Uranium One deal. Yet nobody did anything to stop Putin and his plan.
Now, there is so much important information that we need to explain tonight and we're going to untangle this web of Clinton corruption and show you how all of it is connected. All right. Let's start right up here with Uranium One scandal. At the very center of this, we have of course, ah, Hillary Clinton. Now, in 2010, Clinton was serving as the secretary of state.
One of her responsibilities was as the head of the department, of state to serve on a committee of foreign investment in the United States is known as CFIUS. Now, it was made up of nine officials from different departments in the federal government, they were tasked with reviewing foreign investments in U.S. companies and resources. One last point here, you see all of this. Now, remember, we don't have enough uranium in this country, we have to import uranium.
Now, another notable Obama official that was serving on that board was the attorney general. That is Eric Holder. And together along with seven other Obama officials while on this government board, they approved the sale of a company called Uranium One to a foreign nuclear energy company. Pay close attention here, watch all of this began to unfold.
Now, Uranium One was a Canadian-based uranium mining company, and it controlled and estimated 20 percent of raw uranium in the United States. By the way, we don't have enough, we import it. In other words, one fifth of America's supply of the foundational material used to make nuclear weapons, and we import it because we need it. And the company that Hillary Clinton, Eric Holder and other Obama officials allowed to buy Uranium One. It's called Rosatom. That is a Russian state-run atomic energy conglomerate, that is controlled by Vladimir Putin on the Russians. You know, the bad actors, the hostile regime. Now, to put this simply, then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and others, nine total, approved a Russian takeover of 20 percent of America's uranium supply in 2010. Now, it's all while Vladimir Putin was becoming more and more hostile on the world stage.
Why would anyone, let alone members of our government think it's a good idea to let Putin control 20 percent of our uranium supplies when we don't have enough? It never made sense, it still doesn't make sense. It's not like America has a lot of uranium to begin with. Guess what? Hillary Clinton, Eric Holder, if you look at all of this up here, and the rest of the Obama administration, I argue created a national security crisis. This is insanity.
And then in 2010, during the very same time that the Uranium One deal was being reviewed by the government board, former President Bill Clinton, he sought approval from his own wife's State Department to meet in Moscow with high-ranking board members of this group Rosatom that controls all their energy there. The request was made while Bill Clinton prepared to give a $500,000 paid speech in Moscow, twice as usual speaking fee. The bank involved by the way out of financial interests in all of this, Uranium One, and it was called renaissance capital, and they have links to the Kremlin. And it was actively lobbying for the Russians to take over Uranium One. Now ultimately the speech took place but meeting with Rosatom never happened. Instead Bill Clinton just sat down with Vladimir Putin himself.
Now, the last piece of this web of corruption is the Clinton Foundation. Now, between 2009 and 2013, the chairman of Uranium One used his family foundation to make millions of dollars in donations to the Clinton Foundation before and after Hillary approved the sale of the company to Putin and Russia. And that's not all. Other Uranium One investors, guess what? They also donated millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation. Now, where I come from, that sounds like a quid pro quo, that's what we call pay to play.
Now, look at all of that. Do you see that? OK. That's only part of it. Now, let's turn to the second ongoing Clinton scandal. Now no matter how much Hillary Clinton deflects and ignores this issue, the scandal surrounding a private server will not go away, because she broke the law, and she got away with it. This all started in 2008.
Private server, email account set up under the name of a former Clinton aide in 2009. Hillary Clinton becomes secretary of state. She uses that personal email account to conduct official State Department business where she sent and received top-secret, special access program, classified information. You are not allowed to do that. This came to light in 2015 after the House Select Committee on Benghazi subpoenaed Hillary Clinton's emails related to the Benghazi terror attack.
Following the subpoena, an employee of Platte River Networks, that's that small mom-and-pop shop in a bathroom tech company. Well, they were responsible for servicing Hillary Clinton's private server, and let's see, they deleted, what, over 30,000 emails using something that is called BleachBit, it's like acid washing your hard drive.
Then once all of this was revealed, and because the concerns that Hillary may have mishandled top-secret government information, the FBI actually opened a criminal investigation to find out what is going on here. You're not allowed to do this.
The person in charge of the investigation was then-FBI Director James Comey. See how this is all beginning to come together here? Oh. Pretty interesting.
Now, during the course of the investigation, the Attorney General Loretta Lynch asked James Comey, hey, don't call this an investigation, call it a matter. Oh. Take the Clinton talking points and Comey will fully comply.
Then one week before James Comey announced the FBI's decision on whether or not to pursue charges against Hillary Clinton, then the Attorney General Loretta Lynch, who you can see right here, and former President Bill Clinton, you can see right there. They had that meeting on the tarmac for a private meeting lasting 40 minutes. When pressed about it, Lynch said, oh, we were only talking innocent small talk about golf and our grandchildren.
And then after a week of this meeting a week after, Comey announced the FBI would not recommend charges for Hillary Clinton, even though he spent a good 13.5 minutes explaining how Clinton had top-secret, special access program, classified information stored on that unsecured server that anyone could have hacked. And by the way, we believe five foreign intelligence agencies did, and we also have since found out that the original draft of Comey's announcement, well, it described Clinton's actions as grossly negligent. OK, that is the legal standard. But then after three drafts, it was changed to extremely careless. They didn't want to site with the actual law said.
And we also know that Comey made his decision not to recommend charges against Clinton before he ever interviewed the key witnesses in the case, including Clinton herself. The fix was clearly in. And that's why all of this here needs to be investigated. Look at how important. Look at how this all begins to tie together, one common thread, Hillary Clinton.
Now a third scandal involves Fusion GPS and the fake news Russian propaganda, anti-Trump dossier. Now of course at the very center of the scandal, there you go, it's Hillary Clinton again. And during her failed run for the White House, the Clinton campaign paid millions and millions of dollars to a law firm, it was named Perkins Coie, for legal fees.
Now, the Clinton controlled DNC also paid millions of dollars to the same very law firm during that same period. A lawyer within the firm then employed a consulting company, you've heard about it, Fusion GPS, which in turn utilized the services of a former foreign spy, there's Christopher Steel. Steele used the current and former Russian government sources to create the now infamous totally discredited fake news Russian lies, propaganda, misinformation dossier. That was all an attempt -- they paid for it, she paid for it -- to influence you, the American people in the election, and lie to you and propagandize to you.
Now prior to the election, this dossier was secretly shopped around, eventually ended up in the hands of Senator John McCain. McCain passes the document to the FBI Director James Comey, and now there are concerns that this faked dossier was used as evidence in order to justify a Russia collusion investigation into the Trump campaign.
In other words, was this dossier actually used in a FISA court to get a warrant to surveil the Trump campaign or an opposition party? This dossier was not made fully available to the public until BuzzFeed ended up publishing it on January 10, 2017. Well after the election.
Well, now we turn our focus, see this? Another one, another troubling scandal. And questions that are raised over a former Democratic I.T. staffer. Now, we begin this time with Florida Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz, change of pace. One of Hillary Clinton's top allies in the Democratic Party. Now, she employed an I.T. staffer named Imran Awan. Now, Awan and several of his relatives, all right, they all worked for congressional Democrats as I.T. staffers for years, and they reportedly earned between $2 and $4 million, all while having access to House servers.
And earlier this year, while news broke of the investigation into Awan and his family, they were double billing -- hmm, how did they do that? -- and stealing House equipment. Democratic lawmakers rightly fired Awan and his relatives, and he was denied access to the House servers. But as Fox News has reported, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, she kept him on her payroll.
Then in March of this year, Awan's wife and their children flew to Pakistan where Awan had been sending a lot of money and finally Awan was arrested in July of Dallas Airport in Virginia. He was trying to board a flight to Pakistan, and was charged with bank fraud, all while some fear that he was responsible for exposing House Democrats' information online.
Now, meanwhile, Debbie Wasserman Schultz is defending her decision to keep this guy on the payroll, despite the fact that he was under investigation and only fired him after his arrest. And now in tonight's final, if you will, scandal, we have more shocking evidence when it comes to Hillary Clinton as it relates to the fix being in. The Democratic Party is now in disarray following revelations that Hillary Clinton rigged and stole 2016 primary.
Now, this scandal started all the way back in 2015 when Hillary Clinton declared her candidacy for president. Now, at the time one of Clinton's strongest supporters was none other then-Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz, she was serving as the chair for the Democratic National Committee. Hillary Clinton wanted nothing more to be president. But the socialist senator from Vermont, Bernie Sanders, he was standing in her way for Bernie. Poor Bernie, right?
The primary fight was close and in July of 2016, just days before the Democratic National Convention, WikiLeaks releases thousands of emails, allegedly hacked from key DNC staff members. Those emails, they exposed how the DNC was working against him. The fix was in for her.
Now, a response to the DNC hacking, well, did Wasserman Schultz and the DNC go to the FBI to investigate alleged cyber-attacks? No, of course not, why would they do that? Instead, they hired a law firm, again Perkins Coie, sound familiar? Remember them? The same law firm from the discredited Fusion GPS anti-Trump dossier. They're the ones that were connected there. And as you can imagine, people were outraged over what was discovered in the lake and Wasserman Schultz, she had to step down on the eve of the convention.
She was replaced by Donna Brazile. Donna Brazile just wrote a book. In that book, Donna Brazile slammed Wasserman Schultz, as you can see here, and, by saying that she let Clinton headquarters in Brooklyn do whatever they wanted, they were running the DNC. She revealed that a secret contract existed between the Clinton campaign, right here, and the DNC, and Brazile exposed how Hillary Clinton and her campaign had total control of the DNC's finances, strategy, personnel decisions, budgeting, data, analytics, and mailings. And for all of you who would have voted for this man, Bernie Sanders, you were cheated. The DNC sold you out, and Clinton literally stole the primary election.
Look, these are all massive scandals. For years, we have been warning you about the web of corruption committed by the Clinton crime family, that they have gotten away with for decades. And now take a look at this. It shows the entire scale of the Clintons' willingness to do anything and everything to gain power and wealth at all costs.
Look at this. Pretty amazing. There is so much to investigate.
All right. We have a jam-packed show tonight.
Up next, you're going to hear from three congressmen. They are leading the charge to hold the Attorney General Jeff Sessions accountable over the scandals.
Also tonight, as it relates to Senate candidate from Alabama Roy Moore, I have an important commentary you do not want to miss. I promise. Straight ahead.
All right. That was Freedom Caucus member Ohio Congressman Jim Jordan today grilling the Attorney General Jeff Sessions on why the Justice Department has not appointed a special counsel to investigate the scandals I just outlined before you surrounding Hillary Clinton. Congressman Jordan is here along with Florida Congressman Matt Gaetz and Ron DeSantis. Thank you all for being here.
All right. Jim, let me start with you.
A week ago Friday my sources, multiple sources told me, A, he did not recuse himself from Uranium One. B, I have sources telling me that there is and has been an ongoing investigation. Do you believe that to be true?
In fairness, is it something he would be able to tell us? It would not, correct?
Matt? Congressman? Sorry?
Let me go to the substance, Congressman DeSantis, about all of this. I won't regurgitate, it took me 20 minutes to lay this all out tonight. There is so much detail, but to me the evidence is so overwhelming. The idea that we have spent a year and there's no evidence of Trump-Russia collusion, Dianne Feinstein said it a week ago on Chris Wallace the show, and here we are a year later, smoke, smoke, smoke, no fire, fire, fire. The evidence here is overwhelming. Fusion GPS, Uranium One, the email server scandal, Comey should be investigated. Your thoughts?
Those of the American taxpayer has the right to know if they paid this guy that paid Russians for salacious lies about Donald Trump to influence the election and the American people to propagandize, lie, misinformation, distort, don't we have a right to know? I think we do.
And Congressman Jordan, it's the very thing they said that Donald Trump did, and they have no evidence.
To me, Congressman Gaetz, it is this serious. Are we going to have an America today, a dual justice system, or will we have equaled justice under the law? Because if I deleted 30,000 emails that were subpoenaed by Congress, if I used BleachBit, if I'd destroy devices with a hammer, if I -- how does the FBI Director Mueller at the time, no Russian agents of Putin are trying to corner the uranium market?
We have to import uranium, we don't have enough. Nine people sign off on this thing and then you have the transfer of money with people involved, back to the Clintons, and then they funded a phony dossier full of Russian lies to hijack an election and now we know she already hijacked a primary. The poor Bernie Sanders, he got ripped off. It was rigged from day one.
This better happen, last word, Congressman DeSantis.
All right. Guys, thank you. We are not letting up. All right. When we come back, we will continue to give you news and information, and a fax you can't get anywhere else, sadly because the news media in this country is so obviously bias.
We will check in with Peter Schweitzer, he first broke the Uranium One story. Sebastian Gorka will weigh in. Tonight, I have a very serious and important announcement about Roy Moore as we continue.
.he first broke the uranium one story. Sebastian Gorka will weigh in. Tonight I have a very serious and important announcement about Roy Moore as we continue.
As I said at the top of the show, the left is scared out of their minds about the possibility of further investigation, or a special counsel investigation, into the uranium one deal. Hosts over at NBC, MSNBC, they are wondering where the call for a special counsel is coming from. You will love this. Take a look.
President Hannity. I like the sound of that. Just for a second it sounds good. No, it would be the fact that America imports uranium, because we have a short supply. We don't have enough. Why would we ever give it away? We were promised it would never go overseas. He went to Canada, it went to Europe and it likely went to Asia. Joining us now, the man who got the started, author of the book, "Clinton Cash," Peter Schweizer, Fox News contributor, former deputy assistant to the president, Sebastian Gorka.
Peter, you got this started, you watch this unfold today, and I want to get your initial reaction. I want you to give us the money aspect to this as it relates to the Clintons, who paid who, when and where, and how active and involved were they in this deal?
Dr. Gorka, let's go back to the simple part of uranium one in the sense. We import uranium. The foundational material for nuclear weapons, that means we don't have enough. Why would anybody ever think it's a good idea to give Vladimir Putin 20 percent? Especially as we have now learned through investigative reporting, Putin's agents in America were involved in bribery, extortion, racketeering, money laundering and kickbacks. These are now facts, Mueller knew it and Eric Holder knew it. Why would we give away uranium, or rights to uranium when, in fact, we need uranium?
Mueller knew was the FBI director. An FBI informant. That means Holder had to know. They have not only has four plus years' experience as an undercover agent, informant, they also have tapes, and they also have documents, and they also have emails, and they slapped an NDA on this guy, putting a muzzle on him. Wait until he now discloses this. I'm imaging this is devastating. Sebastian first.
It is so extensive, I keep talking about this dual justice system, Peter, it is the dossier, propaganda bought and paid for by Hillary and the DNC. It doesn't make sense to give away our uranium, ever. I will give you the last word.
The media has been so wrong. The day of vindication is getting closer and closer, mark my words. Jay Sekulow, John Solomon and Sarah Carter are next. And I have an important message tonight. New developments in the Roy Moore case, you don't want to miss what I have to say, it's too important, straight ahead.
As we continue tonight on "Hannity," here with reaction to today's hearing with Attorney General Jeff Sessions, attorney for President Trump Jay Sekulow. The Hill's John Solomon. Circa News Sarah Carter and of course John and Sarah have been at the forefront of this investigative reporting on all of these issues. Jay is an attorney first. Let's get your reaction.
John, you reported with Sarah way back when, you went right through it, that in fact, by the way Sarah, we are trying to fix her audio, Sarah you are in television, don't do that.
I will ask John first. We will check you're audio. John, from the very beginning, is it possible that when you first reported on the warrants, that may be the faulty dossier was used. Maybe. I mean that would be bought and paid for wise used in a court to surveil an opposition candidate.
And Sarah they had that information in 2009, a year and a half before uranium one happen, and this is where Mueller gets caught up in it. Rosenstein gets caught up in it, and Eric Holder gets caught up in it. How can they be investigating anything Russia at that point?
Let's talk about this informant. Four plus years, FBI informant. Documents, tapes, first-hand knowledge, emails. He was stunned, if I'm not mistaken Sarah, why didn't they do anything with this?
And he did.
What is your reaction?
John?
Final word, Sarah?
By the way I have sources of saying all of us are being surveilled illegally, just in case you are interested. I hope that is good news. I have a very serious announcement that deals with Roy Moore when we get back, you don't want to miss it.
Welcome back to "Hannity," before we close tonight I want to address the new very serious sexual misconduct allegations against Judge Roy Moore. If you watch this program regularly you know I will not rush to judgment, we have seen in the media and politicians get it wrong so many times, I've outlined all of that. In light of new information about Judge Roy Moore, we have to address this issue tonight. We should be troubled by two things in this case. When The Washington Post story first broke I said that the allegations it should be taken seriously, they should be fully investigated. It's a 14-year-old girl. We need to discover the truth. I also said, I can understand why women wait years to come forward to because of the evil that in cases where they are guilty, its evil trauma, I can understand it, people have a difficult time talking about it years later. This past Friday I had Judge Roy Moore on my radio program and I methodically step-by-step went through point by point, every allegation against him and let him respond, listen to that part of that interview.
The Washington Post alleges back in 1979 when she was 14 years old, that she had sexual encounters with the then 32-year-old Roy Moore. What do you make of these allegations?
Would it be unusual for you as 32-year-old guy to have dated a woman as young as 17? That would be a 15 year difference or a girl 18. Do you remember dating girls that young at that time?
You don't specifically remember having any girlfriend that was in her late teens even at that time?
Now he gave a third answer, he said not generally, not without permission of the mother it seemed inconsistent and a lot of other people saw the same thing. On the third time he unequivocally denied that he dated somebody in their late teens even though I was pressing again and again. We have another accuser that came forward, she is alleging that Roy Moore sexually assaulted her when he was 16 years old and he was in her 30s. Here is how Judge Moore responded to that accusation.
He denied knowing this fifth accuser but this accuser has brought forth a yearbook that Moore appeared to sign "to a sweeter, more beautiful girl, I could not say Merry Christmas, love Roy Moore D.A." I looked at the handwriting and I know some people have Twitter and said things about this. Here's where I am tonight, between this interview that I did and inconsistent answers between him saying I never knew this girl and then that your book comes out.
For me, the Judge has 24 hours. He must immediately and fully come up with a satisfactory explanation for your inconsistency that I just showed you. You must remove any doubt. If you can't do this, then Judge Moore needs to get out of this race. This country has way too many issues and problems. The American people deserve a hundred percent truth and honesty. We need correct answers first time on issues of this serious, Judge Moore, you owe that to the people of Alabama. The Republican Party that you represent and to the country which is suffering under so many problems. We deserve answers and consistent answers, and truth. Thank you for being with us.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 11  ***************************************************
 All right, thank you both. We're going to have more breaking news weather updates all throughout the hour tonight.
But first, Hurricane Irma -- it is leaving a path of destruction like we have never seen before. Now, take a look at these dramatic images of Hurricane Irma pounding several islands in the Caribbean with sustained 185-mile-per-hour winds that completely ripped apart buildings and homes and airports and even the infrastructure.
Now, here's the aftermath in Saint Maarten. Most everything in Hurricane Irma's path was completely leveled, leaving debris and destruction everywhere. Then there's the neighboring island, Barbuda. Now, the country's prime minister compared this hurricane hitting to a bomb being dropped on a city. Officials are saying -- get this -- 95 percent of buildings and vehicles have been destroyed.
And just to give you an idea of just how dangerous and unprecedented this storm is, let's take a look at some of the headlines around the country. CBS, Miami, Miami Beach mayor urges residents to get out now. Quote, "This is a nuclear hurricane." Yahoo News, "Irma will be devastating for the U.S." Emergency chief, USA Today, "Hurricane Irma has the potential of affecting every major city in Florida."
The New York Post, "Hurricane Irma is the size of Texas." Miami Herald, "Two south Florida nuclear power plants lie in Irma's path. Are they ready?" Scary thought. And back to CBS Miami, "Dade residents find some pumps, dry (ph) water in short supply." Washington Post, "U.S. military preparations for Hurricane Irma now include" -- get this -- "four Navy ships and thousands of troops." And The DailyBeast, "Hurricane Irma is stronger than all of 2017's other eight Atlantic storms combined." Now, that's how serious this storm is tonight.
Joining us now on the phone is the Florida governor, Rick Scott. Governor, first, our thoughts and prayers are with you, sir. I've been watching you, and clearly every preparation possible I see is in effect. Let's talk to the people in the path of this storm tonight. What you want to say to them?
Governor, if you look at the cone and you look at the model -- now, I know you expect this to first hit south Florida. And that means, basically, for Miami and then to the west up to Fort Myers and maybe even Sarasota and on the east coast -- I know that you're going to be hitting West Palm and even above that. Broward County is now being evacuated.
Yes. Governor, one of the things -- I did call over to the White House today. I tried to get some information. I know that General Mattis is sending four Navy ships. Also know that they have sent in not only FEMA, but National Guard troops are available to you. And they have pre- positioned, as I understand it, post-storm, all the food, water, medicine, supplies that obviously Floridians are going to be needing. But that's coming up after the storm.
In preparation for this storm, explain what you are advising people because you've actually lifted regulations to bring in more gasoline so people can travel to the safer parts of the state. And also what about food/medicine/supplies and things like that?
Yes. Governor, have you spoken to the president?
All right, Governor, that's great advice for everybody. You know it's my second home. Our thoughts and prayers are with you. And we'll be watching closely and I know the country will be ready with any help, obviously, that our neighbors down there need. Thank you for being with us.
All right, joining us now with more on this catastrophic storm from Weatherbell.com, our own Joe Bastardi is with us. Joe, great to see you. Let's -- let's talk about -- your track on this has stayed steady, moved a little bit west. When do we expect landfall, and how bad is it going to be?
All right, so for obvious reasons, I guess -- there are some people that have contacted me, and I guess they kind of have a little bit of Joe Bastardi blood in them. We call them weather warriors (ph). And they say, Oh, we're going to hold -- we're going to ride this out, even people that I know in evacuation zones.
You have studied hurricanes your entire life. You know weather better than anybody that I know. Good idea or bad idea? My advice would be to leave if they tell you to leave.
All right, let's talk because when you look at the cone that we've all been paying a lot of attention to, it engulfs the entire state of Florida. I mean, I was talking to you on radio earlier. You were telling me Orlando, central Florida is going to get hit hard. And then they've even started evacuating places in Georgia like Savannah.
So how bad are those areas going to get hit, the middle of the state, going up to, say, Jacksonville Florida and that area?
All right, Joe Bastardi from Weatherbell.com. Joe, we will see you back here tomorrow. We'll have more live coverage and other updates also coming up throughout the hour tonight on Hurricane Irma. That's later in the show.
When we come back, though, former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich. He is here to weigh in on liberal hypocrisy over DACA.
Also later, the president -- he struck a deal with Pelosi and Schumer. Laura Ingraham -- she'll join us to talk about that and more on Hurricane Irma straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So earlier today, the president issued a tweet reassuring DACA so-called dreamers, writing, quote, "For all those DACA that are concerned about your status during the six-month period, you have nothing to worry about. No action."
Now, clearly, President Trump is trying to restore the rule of law and the Constitution and not usurp the powers of the legislative branch, but some Democrats -- they're just hell-bent on painting the president as unhinged. It never stops.
Joining us now, the author of the 12-week best-seller, number one New York Times best-seller, "Understanding Trump," former speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich, who, by the way, also is launching in early September, in about a week or so, a new on-line series entitled "Defending America."
All right, I want to get to that in a second. Let me just stay on the hurricane, if I can, for one minute, Mr. Speaker. This is important.
You know, if the only thing the media can criticize is Melania's shoes -- and that's basically all they had. And you saw the governor and you saw local officials and you saw the federal government really come together in an organized fashion, next to zero complaints. And I've talked to people in Florida. They are working and coordinating in a similar fashion there. So I've got to expect the same results. Doesn't that tell you something about where people's mindset is?
You've got to hope so. I look at this storm and I literally -- it's chilling to see the cities that will be impacted. The entire state is engulfed in this hurricane. This is going to be -- as people are predicting, it could be one of the worst storms ever.
You know, both of us are conservative. We believe in limited government, greater freedom, more responsibility, opportunity society, and the federal government plays an important role, safety and security, and hopefully, they don't get in the way of prosperity, which I would argue they often do.
But isn't this one of the times that government could really step up and help people?
Like in Texas, like in Florida. And government worked this time. It's nice to see it works occasionally. I'm not the biggest fan of it.
Let me -- I've been very outspoken and disappointed about the Republicans not keeping their promises. From my perspective, and you know, having been speaker and having accomplished a lot as a speaker, I would argue that they have 14 weeks to really get their act together, and that would include changing the tax code, seven brackets to three, repatriated money from multi-nationals, trillions, corporate cuts, middle class tax cuts, small business cuts, energy independence, build the wall.
I'm not that overly optimistic that these guys are going to get their job done. What are your thoughts?
That'd be great.
Yes. You know, I had a front row seat to your ascendancy to become speaker. I was a local radio guy in Atlanta. And I was emceeing the night you became speaker. But prior to that, you had created a series. It was called "Renewing American Civilization." It really was the foundation of ideas and solutions to make the country better.
And I always argue -- people ask me and I say you are a professor and a historian at heart, not a politician because I've known you, you know, these couple of decades. You now basically are starting that role up again with "Defending America."
Real quick, tell us how people can join that class of yours.
All right, and we'll put it up on Hannity.com, my Web site. Mr. Speaker, thanks for being with us. We appreciate it.
When we come back, we have a lot more on Hurricane Irma as it now continues on its destructive path towards the state of Florida.
And later tonight, The Daily Caller, an investigation and explosive report, Debbie Wasserman Schultz and her former IT aide. Did the staffer, the IT aide, plant evidence on her to give to the cops?
But first, President Trump struck a deal with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer. Laura Ingraham will weigh in on that, and of course, Hurricane Irma straight ahead.
That was President Trump earlier today talking about the deal that he made with Congressional Democrats on the debt ceiling which will prevent a government shutdown at the end of the month. And many Republicans are reportedly livid with the compromise. But didn't the president get to the White House and promise to be a dealmaker? Is this a good deal?
Joining us now with reaction, editor in chief of Lifezette, Fox News contributor, nationally syndicated radio host, and I don't have enough time for the rest of the introduction, Laura Ingraham, who we all know. Before I get to that question, I want to get back to the hurricane issue. Now, we believe in limited government. But the biggest criticism the left had was Melania's shoes, which was pretty despicable in and of itself.
It's going to the Carolinas. This is a scary moment. You would think that's what we want, we want to help out our friends in Texas, now our friends in Florida. We want them safe and secure. The fact that they -- thank God we have meteorology that can tell us storms like this are coming. And then of course we make the necessary preparations.
Let me go to this compromise deal. I actually agree with Newt's analysis in that the president wanted to get the money to Texas and that was a big part of his rationale and thinking. And with all due respect to Mitch McConnell, he hasn't exactly proven himself capable of doing anything because expectations are so high, especially on health care.
Who, McConnell?
I'm going to be fair. At least Ryan got the health care bill out of the House. And the Freedom Caucus worked hard with him and they got it done at the end of the day. McConnell has no excuses, and the fact that he feel so much pressure with excessive expectations is mind-numbing.
People like Ben Sasse and Flake and John McCain, the things they say about him behind closed doors.
OK, Laura Ingraham, great to see you. Thank you for being with us.
When we come back, an explosive report the mainstream media won't tell you about. Debbie Wasserman Schultz and her former I.T. aide -- did the aid plant evidence for the cops to find on Wasserman Schultz? When we come back first we will have more live reports on hurricane Irma and the powerhouse storm as it continues to barrel towards the state of Florida and engulf the entire state. That's next.
That was President Trump earlier today assuring the people of Florida that the government is as prepared as possible for hurricane Irma. This of course could deliver a catastrophic strike on this state.
To give you a better idea of just how dangerous and destructive this storm is and could be, let's take a look at a couple of headlines. USA Today, "Hurricane Irma has the potential of affecting every major city in the state of Florida." The New York Post, "Hurricane Irma is the size of Texas." The Miami Herald, "Two South Florida Nuclear Power Plants Lie in Irma's Path. Are they ready?" and The Washington Post, "U.S. Military preparations for Hurricane Irma now include four Navy ships and thousands of troops." And The Daily Beast, "Hurricane Irma," look at this, "is stronger than all of 2017's other eight Atlantic storms combined." Pretty scary.
Joining us now on the phone is the mayor of Key West, Florida, Craig Cates is with us. First of all, Mr. Mayor, thank you for being with us. You are in a direct path here and, as the governor mentioned earlier in the program, you only have bridges in and out of your area, and that means it is evacuation time for everybody, correct?
OK, really important, when did you start the evacuation, and how soon do you believe that this enormous task will be accomplished?
Mr. Mayor, are there any people resisting the evacuation, sir?
Good job, sir. And our thoughts and prayers are with you and of course all our friends in the Keys. Thank you for being with us.
Coming up, "The Daily Caller" out with an explosive new report about Debbie Wasserman Schultz. Her former I.T. aide, something the media is not covering, did the staffer plant evidence for the cops defined on Wasserman Schultz? We have that report, next.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So we have more breaking news on the story regarding Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz's former I.T. aide Imran Awan. The Daily Caller's Luke Rosiak will join us in just a moment as a new report, it reads in part, "Exclusive police report indicates Wasserman Schultz I.T. aide planted computer for investigators to find." And that's not all. FOX News has confirmed that Imran Awan's wife, also a former House Democratic I.T. staffer has struck a deal with federal prosecutors. She in fact will return to the United States from Pakistan and face charges.
Here now from The Daily Caller, Luke Rosiak, and from CircaNews.com, our friend Sara Carter. All right, this is why this is important, Luke. I want to start with you. So you have a computer or laptop, we remember the big fight that she had with the Capitol police officer over the laptop and she is being rude to this guy. What's interesting is it appears this I.T. aide left it in a phone booth in a building where he had no real business of being in that wasn't even the building where her office was. And it's says "Username, Debbie Wasserman Schultz." It sounds to me like there might be a little separation here and maybe he didn't think Debbie Wasserman Schultz was going to protect him and thinks there is something incriminating on that laptop. That's what it sounds like to me.
And this is the guy that she knew double billed, had people with no I.T. experience from his family. One guy worked at McDonald's and apparently was fired, another guy at a car dealership, no evidence of any I.T. experience, but she kept him on even after she knew he double billed. And then the reported that we have the busted up hard drives inside this guy's garage, and then --
Sara, let me go to you on this. If you look at the bizarre nature of all of this and then you couple it with, OK, what could Debbie Wasserman Schultz want to hide here? Why was there busted up hard drives, government hard drives in this guy's garage, as reports indicate?
And then I've got to ask myself, do you think in any way it could be connected to what happened when she was removed as the DNC chair on the eve of the Democratic Convention? What is she hiding here?
Absolutely. Let me ask you one other question. Dana Rohrabacher, Sara, was on the show last night, 99 percent certainty that he believes Julian Assange in fact will be able to prove there was no Russia- Trump collusion. On top of that the FBI director just said today he's seen no evidence that Trump interfered with the Russian probe. Then one has to ask the question, what is Robert Mueller doing? What is Comey doing? Lindsey Graham said he wants Comey to testify again because he smells a rat.
Well said. Good point. Luke, great work. Sara, great work, as always. Thank you both.
And we have more "Hannity" right after this break.
I hope you'll stay with the Fox News Channel, continuing coverage of hurricane Irma.
That is all the time we have left this evening. Again, our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Florida. If you're in an evacuation zone, please evacuate. We want you safe and we want you back here. This show will always be fair and balanced, never the establishment media. We'll see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 12  ***************************************************
 What did I say the day after he got fired? Comey will get a multi-million-dollar book deal, a movie, a miniseries, primetime special, Diane Sawyer -- well, maybe even George Stephanopoulos, why not go totally in for the Clintons -- and probably an MSNBC contributorship.
Well, I was kind of kidding about the MSNBC part, but I guess you never know. Now you got Clapper over at the fake news network.
He's apparently trying to take down the president, and this now -- if you do that, this has become a lucrative profession. If you make it easier to unmask Americans, I guess you get hired by fake news CNN. And if you have that you leak to The New York Times, government information, classified information, potentially break the law, you get a huge book deal! And we've been calling for real crimes, real collusion to be investigated. The House Republicans -- you need to do your job.
Finally, the House Judiciary Committee -- they're now calling for the second special counsel to be appointed to investigate Hillary Clinton, James Comey, Loretta Lynch, things we've been asking for. But as we've said, Congress should not stop there. It's time to use their subpoena powers and have people now testify under oath. And that should include top Clinton campaign officials. You see John Podesta and Robby Mook? Put them under oath. Did they know about Ukrainian collusion? Were they given any information from the DNC operative?
Also, Debbie Wasserman Shultz -- really? Is she ever going to explain why she kept paying her IT staffer while under federal investigation for double billing and much more? And James Comey and Loretta Lynch -- remember? Comey testified that Lynch pressured him and he listened to call the Clinton email investigation a matter. And Lynch, of course, met with Bill Clinton on a tarmac, totally inappropriate. Did the former attorney general obstruct justice? Put her under oath.
Finally, least -- last but not least, Hillary Clinton. It's time to put her under oath. She needs to answer questions on the record, real questions about her email server scandal, Uranium One. Why did she delete 33,000 e-mails? Why did she acid wash and BleachBit hard drives?
Why did she, in fact, apparently, according to reports, smash devices with hammers, or have her staff do it, and send the FBI devices, BlackBerrys, that didn't have SIM cards in it? And what about all the pay-to-play in the Clinton Foundation, $145 million, you sign off, you give Vladimir up to 20 percent of our uranium, the foundational material for nuclear weapons?
This is important for this reason. If we care about justice and the rule of law in this country, this all needs to happen. I know the mainstream media is ignoring it. We will not. You deserve to have answers because you have been lied to! Real crimes, real evidence is now being ignored, and as you know, we are not. I am not going to stop asking questions. I will not stop demanding answers until we get the truth!
You know, if the media and the Department of Justice and Congress don't want to act, we'll continue to do their job until they do their job.
Finally, since the mainstream media won't talk about it, take a look at the side of your screen. They'll never mention the success. Look at the economy. It's been roaring under President Trump. Dow Jones closed over above 22,000 the first time ever. That's six days in a row records. Unemployment, all-time lows in the modern era. Obama regulations gutted! Gone, goodbye. GDP, nobody predicted even 3 percent growth. We've very close, 2.6 percent for the second quarter. Foxconn -- they've now pledged, what, up to $30 billion to create jobs that will move towards energy independence? That's what we need to focus on. You'll never hear it from the, well, establishment fake news media.
Here with reaction, from Circa.com, Sara Carter, President Trump's attorney, from the American Center for Law and Justice, Jay Sekulow, Fox News anchor, attorney Gregg Jarrett.
Sara, let's start with your big breaking story, Ben Rhodes. And on top of all the other Obama officials, this keeps getting worse and worse.
What was the increase in unmasking in -- in -- since 2011 and Clapper eased those rules and Obama eased those rules?
I got to ask you about Robert Mueller. You have pointed out -- we'll put them on the screen -- the laws -- Trent Franks is the only Congressman now who's picked up on all you said, and he's picked up on real laws that he's breaking if he stays in that position. Are these felonies?
Are they misdemeanors? What are they?
Oh, shall not.
Let me ask big picture stuff, if I can, Jay Sekulow. And I know your position. You probably don't want to talk about specifics. But if I mention Ukraine and Uranium One and deleting e-mails and BleachBit and hammer smashing and destroying, in the case of Debbie Wasserman Shultz, hard drives, and then I mention unmasking and leaking intelligence and Comey and the general counsel of the FBI -- wow!
How is this is not being discussed in many places besides here?
How is that -- exactly!
All right. Stay right there. We're going to more with Sara, Gregg, Jay after the break.
Also, Herman Cain and the woman that has the toughest job in America will join us. We'll tell you who straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity" as we continue now, more with Sara Carter, Jay Sekulow and Gregg Jarrett. All right, Sara, we talked about Samantha Power. We talked about Susan Rice. We talked about Clapper. Now we're talking about Ben Rhodes. Is there more to come? Because this is slowly been coming out. We've got unmasking. We've got real crimes being committed, 125 leaks -- intelligence leaks in 126 days. That is an abuse of the powers that we give the intelligence community. It puts everybody's freedom, 4th Amendment constitutional rights in jeopardy.
How much further is this going to go? Is this going to -- are we going to discover a systematic effort to violate the constitutional rights of Americans so they can spy on political opponents in a political season? Is that where I think this is headed?
The 99 percent of our intelligence community that risks their lives for us -- they're great. But if we use those tools against Americans, that is -- that's -- that is a foundation for a police state because then they are spying on you and you don't have a constitutional 4th Amendment right.
Jay, let me ask -- more and more people are coming up to me and they're saying, Sean, you talk about all these other issues. How is it possible that we don't know if they're being investigated? And if I turn on another channel or read a newspaper, all I hear about is Russia. How did we get to this place?
All right...
Gregg, I went through a list of names and the various scandals -- Ukraine, Uranium One, deleting e-mails, obstruction of justice, unmasking, leaking intelligence, Debbie Wasserman Shultz -- and I want all of them put under oath. They should be.
Where are the Republicans?
How about Hillary Clinton? Does she get away with Uranium One? Does she get away with deleting e-mails, smashing hard drives...
... acid watch...
Selling...
I saw that.
Here's -- I want -- my last question, and we never have enough time -- do you think I'm going to be proven right on these scandals versus the phony Russia story?
Sara, am I going to be proven right?
Uranium One to me is the biggest issue, but they're all big. Jay, you think I'll be proven right?
Wow!
All right, thank you, all. You're all helping to dig deep and this is important to serve the country.
Herman Cain coming up next, and the woman who has the toughest job in the country straight ahead.
That was the Office of Management and Budget director Mick Mulvaney suggesting that Republican lawmakers will be hurt politically if they fail to repeal and replace ObamaCare.
Here with reaction, former presidential candidate, Fox News contributor Herman Cain. I'm sure you can now rant and rave how pathetic they are, how weak they are, how they are a party without identity. But I'll -- I'll forego that for a second. Do they have to get this done? Mulvaney is talking about to do their economic plan, they were counting on a trillion dollars in savings. How important is -- they go back to the drawing board and do their job?
But here's the point, the problem is from I understand they are not going to repeal all of the Obama era regulations. And why do I suspect, Herman, I don't know why I am so suspicious, that they are going to overspend like they always do and pork it up, and we are still going to end up paying more?
When they get their way, that's the only they work with Republicans.
Herman, it's time for them to get there you know what together. Get their act together. Do your job. This is pathetic. Grow up, and don't go on vacation until you do your job.
And by the way, subject yourself to the same laws that you're subjecting Americans to. It's unbelievable.
I wish he would go to the White House. Herman Cain, always great to see you. That is a man that has ideas, he thinks out-of-the-box, that represents conservative views. Health savings account, the penny plan, building a wall, energy independence, where is that Republicans Party? You're like nonexistent.
All right, when we come back, she has the toughest job in America. We will tell you what it is next.
Wow, those were a few highlights from a day in the life of White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders, who has the toughest job in Washington, probably America. Earlier today she was joined at the podium by White House senior policy advisor Stephen Miller. He faced off against fake news CNN's Jim Acosta over President Trump's merit based immigration reform proposal. This is awesome. Watch this.
Wow. Finally, fighting back. So what's it like to take on members of an abusively biased press, fake news, every single day? Earlier tonight we spoke with House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
Sarah, great to see you, I really do believe, and we do I think a pretty good job of calling out the lies, misinformation, lack of priorities, absolute bias and ideology of the media. You are with them every single day. I don't know how you do this job. You've got to help us out.
I want to ask you this, because lately, the White House, yourself, Stephen Miller, Sebastian Gorka, Kellyanne Conway, you guys seem more willing now to go out there and say, OK, we are going to start calling you out on air to your face. I doubt CNN is going to run that exchange with Stephen Miller today.
He really does. At any point do you get frustrated? I know myself and I have been in talk radio for 30 years, and there are times some people are trying to get under your skin. I have built up immunities. Do you ever find yourself getting frustrated up there?
It seems like the issue for the media is they are obsessed, either palace intrigue, or they want to talk about Russia, Russia. What do you want the American people, after 11 months nonstop covered, no evidence of collusion, but there is real evidence with Ukraine, you pointed that out yesterday, what do you want the American people to know about what their media is telling them?
I was very glad, because one of the things I pointed out on this program, we did put up some of the president successes on air, only a small list. But we also put the full list on the air. I don't see anybody else in the media doing that. With all of the issue, they only want to talk about Russia, but here we have a DNC operative inside the Ukrainian embassy with the Ukrainian ambassador, "Politico" says reporting to the DNC Clinton campaign, a real Russia of conspiracy, Uranium One, sign off on a deal, $145 million in kickbacks.
Then we've got emails. Then we've got acid washing BleachBit, destroying hard drives, destroying devices, sending the FBI devices without SIM cards.
And Debbie Wasserman Shultz and her IT guy smashing hard drives. Then you have got on top of that Comey leaking information, you've got the general counsel of the FBI investigated, you've got Debbie Wasserman Shultz, you've got Loretta Lynch, unmasking, intel leaks, I can't even list them all. Do you think all of those issues the media is ignoring, should they be investigating them equally, and should the Republicans be doing more on those?
Am I correct, is the president correct, there is a lot of fake news today?
There really is. And some of the fake news in that room every day with the people you have to do with?
Sarah, I think you have the patience of the job.
That's true, and you said that at the podium the other day, which I thought was great. All right, Sarah, I think it's the toughest job in America. You're doing great. Appreciate you being with us and sharing what it is like up there every day. Thank you.
Coming up, earlier today the president announced his support for a merit-based immigration system. We will check in with Fox Business anchor Lou Dobbs. He has reaction as we continue.
That was a president earlier today pushing for an immigration reform plan that promotes a merit-based system. Here with reaction, author of the book "Putin's Gambit," from the Fox Business Network -- how many months now in a row, number one in all of business news, like a year?
Congratulations, you deserve that. And we've become friends. Is English the language of success? In other words, if you come to America and you want to succeed, how important is it that you know English?
Let me point out, because one of the things that really irks me because the media, all they want to talk about is process, palace intrigue, and Russia. They don't want to talk about real scandals, real evidence, real proof, nor do they want to talk about -- let's put it up on the screen. This is the president's economic plan. Look at the stock market.
Six days in a row records, unemployment record low, gutted Obama era regulations huge. Nobody thought we would get to 2.6 percent GDP growth in the second quarter.
What is it with Foxconn, is it $30 billion they're going to spend?
And last month, 222,000 jobs. And here --
They're so pathetic. Steve Miller I thought did a good job on this today.
So here's my next question. The president gets through ending Obama era regulations. I think we get millions of high-paying career jobs in energy if we do become energy independent. But we still need 30 percent prediction. Mulvaney was on "Fox & Friends" this morning, rate increases in insurance for 2018, so repeal and replace is still not done. More importantly, are we going to get 15 percent corporate raises, middle class tax cuts, repatriation of trillions, are we going to get those key things that will help the forgotten men and women?
How big is that?
Those factories, manufacturing centers. And if you want to further incentivize those multinationals to build in Milwaukee, Detroit, Cleveland, Pennsylvania, Philly.
Why is it, and Larry Kudlow is a mutual friend of ours, Larry Kudlow talked about the Kennedy years in his recent book and the Reagan years. How come it always works when you cut taxes? It always creates millions of jobs, but there is this mysterious reluctance and resistance in Washington to do that job. Why?
Last point, Reagan went to a 70 percent top marginal rate to a 28 percent top marginal rate. Revenues to government doubled, 20 million new jobs were created. There are 20 million new taxpayers. You've got a doubling of the money they have in D.C., but they think they can get more money by taking more.
Lou Dobbs now in a year, number one in all business, congratulations.
Up next, the conservative duo, our friends, Diamond and Silk, they are back. They get the final word straight ahead.
Welcome back to HANNITY. So our conservative duo, our friends Diamond and Silk, they are back again tonight. They have the final word, tonight's message aimed at weak, spineless, ineffective, well, visionless Republicans without an identity. Guys, listen up.
Perfect. You Republicans, listen and learn something. Thanks to our friends Diamond and Silk.
That's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. We promise we are not the establishment media. News and information you won't get on those other channels that nobody watches anyway. We'll see you back here, we're fair and balanced, we'll see back tomorrow night.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 13  ***************************************************
 
show#: 14  ***************************************************
 All right, we're going to have more on the president's executive order in the next segment. But what he did today is not new. The president has now consistently in 89 days been checking one item off his list after another.
Just take a look. Let's look at what he's accomplished so far. Neil Gorsuch, an originalist, now an associate justice on the U.S. Supreme Court, despite historic and unprecedented Democratic obstruction.
Now, the president is bringing jobs back. Since January, the economy has added over a half a million jobs. Business optimism is now soaring in the country. Major companies, Ford, General Motors, Toyota, Fiat Chrysler, Intel all have been adding jobs and investing and pledging to invest billions of dollars.
He's been gutting -- literally gutting -- Obama-era regulations. And remember, the president said he could eliminate up to 75 percent of those government regulations. Now, the president has ended the war on coal by cutting tons of red tape from the Obama administration.
He has reduced illegal immigration, border crossings. Interesting, you enforce the law -- it's plummeted since President Trump was sworn in. The White House is taking a very hard stance against sanctuary cities.
He's drafted a plan now to defeat ISIS. The president has imposed a five-year lobbying ban, as promised.
The Trump administration sanctioned Iran over its missile program and they have put the radical mullahs in Iran on notice.
Now, the president also restored American leadership on the world stage by responding to Syria and Assad and their use of chemical weapons with that Tomahawk missile strike.
He also created a task force to reduce crime, another one to protect police officers and one to target drug cartels.
By the way, not to mention, unlike his predecessors, President Trump is actually now forging a relationship with China to help counter North Korea and their aggression and their nuclear ambitions by placing economic pressure on China to help dissolve the situation.
Now, what we're seeing now is "The Art of the Deal" playing out in real time before your eyes. So now, while the president, he's moving at a rapid pace to put agenda in place, there's still plenty of work to be done. He cannot do the rest of his agenda without the help of Republicans in Congress.
He wants to build the wall, tax reform, repealing, replacing ObamaCare, extreme vetting, rebuilding the military, cutting government spending, reducing the federal workforce, renegotiating trade deals, sending education back to the states, energy independence. He needs help.
And that's my point tonight. Members of Congress, I want you to listen closely. Speaker Ryan, I want you to listen closely. Senate Majority Leader McConnell, listen closely. President Trump is keeping his promises, doing the things he said he would do with a lot of success. Now it's time to hold Washington accountable.
Now, Democrats have shown they're going to obstruct the president's agenda at every single turn. So guess what? It's time for you Republicans, especially you Republican leaders, quit the bickering and the infighting and the obstruction. Come together, build consensus on these major Trump agenda items, which, by the way, are supposed to be your agenda items.
Now, I know the head of the Freedom Caucus, Congressman Mark Meadows, well, I've talked to him at least 100 times in the last few weeks. He has told me there is now today a coalition on the health care bill. And also a Freedom Caucus member, Dave Brat, key leader in the caucus, he's stating publicly that the Freedom Caucus is saying yes to many of the new proposals in the negotiations. In other words, repealing and replacing can now pass if Republicans work together on health care.
So the question I'm asking tonight: What are you people waiting for? Maybe it's time to cancel recess, call every member of Congress back to Washington, and maybe it's time for you guys to start doing your job. Now, I understand you need to spend time back in your districts and states, talk with your constituents, but you've also been elected to do your job in D.C. on behalf of those people that put you there.
So let's put things in perspective. In the month of April -- the month of April -- the House has had 12 days of recess, the Senate 10. Through December, the House will be in recess 120 days! The Senate will be off 84 days.
By the way, when is the last time any of you took that much time off of work? By the way, do I get one two-week vacation a year around Christmas. That's it. And I get an occasional Friday here and there.
What's missing is a sense of urgency from Republicans in Congress that the rest of America lives with every day. Nobody gets 120 days off. Where is your sense of duty, Republicans, to the American people?
This is part of the reason why in the most recent Gallup poll, Congress -- guess what? Your approval rating is 24 percent. You've earned that. And for years, Republicans, you wanted control of all three branches of government, you got the House in 2010, the Senate in 2014, Donald Trump in 2016. You've made promises all throughout the years you'd get things done.
Well, now you have the House, the Senate, the presidency. I'm saying no more excuses. You Republicans need to go back to Washington right now and do what you said for years you're going to do, pass legislation that this president can sign into law, starting with repealing and replacing ObamaCare. This is a huge opportunity right now for the country to get back on track.
So I'm warning Republicans tonight: Don't blow it. Don't waste this opportunity. Because sooner, rather than later, the American people are going to get sick and tired of your failed and broken promises and your lack of urgency.
That's my admonition. You will do this at your own -- not do this at your own peril. You decide.
Here with reaction, conservative commentator Monica Crowley. Here's my frustration. My frustration is for eight years, these guys said, Give us the House, give us the Senate, give us the White House. We'll repeal and replace "Obama care." OK, eight years, they didn't have a bill. They didn't have consensus. And then after they didn't have the votes, well, they were willing to let it die. The Freedom Caucus are the ones that put it back together.
Yes, I remember that!
That's a good point.
That's such a good analogy.
Everything is predicated -- for the president to even begin his economic agenda, there's a trillion dollars he's going to get from health care when they repeal and replace "Obama care," or to the extent that they can repeal it. No bill, not even the 2015 bill, did that.
Here's what I don't understand. Twelve years old, I washed dishes. If I don't move, the dishes pile up. When I was a chef at 13, a short order chef, if I don't move fast, the orders line up. When I was in contracting, I'm not going to make money unless I get the house framed, the walls painted, the wallpaper hung, the tile laid and the roof put on.
Where is the urgency? Who takes off like this? I don't know anybody that works for a living that does this!
And McConnell.
You know what's so frustrating?
He...
The American people...
They deserve lower premiums. They deserve competition. They deserve better care, a better bang for their buck. And these guys 90 days in have not done their job!
My patience -- I -- it's run out!
I don't have patience!
You're right.
The economic plan.
I've got to go, but I'm going to say...
... get off your ass and go to work! Is that fair?
Am I allowed to say that on cable?
Get to work!
All right, Monica, always good to see you.
I'm calming my anger.
When we come back, President Trump shows that he has he the back of American workers. Like some members of Congress, he signed a buy American, hire American executive order. When we come back, I'll explain to you why that's so important. My mini-monologue is next.
Then we'll get reaction from Donald Trump, Jr. He'll join us in studio.
And then later tonight...
General Jack Keane -- he's out there slamming the Obama administration for minimizing and making worse the North Korean threat. He'll explain. He'll join us straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So since the day he announced he was running for president -- well, Donald Trump vowed to bring jobs back to America. And today, he took yet another step to keep that promise. And that is tonight's mini-monologue.
All right, the president traveled to Kenosha, Wisconsin, earlier today. He toured the Snap-on tools headquarters. After he saw the facility, well, the president addressed the crowd, signed an executive order about buying American and hiring American. Watch this.
You know what? It's about time. Now, why shouldn't we put American companies first? Why shouldn't we try and hire American workers as much as possible, and yes, buy American products as much as we can?
Seems like a no-brainer. But of course, the left, they're going to try and tear this executive order to sheds like past executive orders.
Now, for me, it's just my own feeling, I prefer to keep American factories going. That's why I have only been purchasing American cars for all my adult life.
So I applaud the president's decision today. It's nice having a commander-in-chief that, A, keeps his promises, who's looking out for the American worker for once.
Joining us now with reaction, executive vice president of the Trump Organization, Donald Trump, Jr. How are you? Welcome back.
Good to see you.
No!
You know, I'm not sick of winning, but I am sick of Congress, as I said in the last segment. I'm tired. You've got the speed of your father and then you got the speed of Congress.
And it's here versus here.
It's frustrating!
I just put it up in the screen in the last segment. I won't do it again, but it -- he's accomplished all of this, but now it's time to repeal and replace "Obama care." Now it's time legislatively to get his economic agenda through because we do have 95 million Americans out of the labor force, 50 million in poverty, 50 million on food stamps. That's what the election was about to me.
You really would?
Yes.
It's not insurance.
I talked to Mark Meadows of the Freedom Caucus. They now are on board with health care. So as soon as they get the language written up, they should be able to vote on it. It should pass the House. Apparently, the Senate parliamentarian also approved the language to there's not a reconciliation issue anymore. And you're right. That has to happen.
There's a group America First. They came out with this ad about "Obama care." Let me play the ad and get your reaction to it.
All right, so this is sort of complimentary as a PAC that's supporting your father's agenda. I know Katie Walsh (ph) is a part of it.
You know, it's funny because early in the campaign, you were the first to say this to me -- and I've known your father for a couple of decades being in New York media. And you said, My dad's a blue collar billionaire!
He is.
And Washington (INAUDIBLE)
Washington and the media...
Yes.
You know what was funny because when the AFL-CIO guys came to meet with your dad, like so many other business people, small business people, business owners -- anyway, some union guys, and he's, like, Have you guys ever been in the Oval Office? Now this is a group that was beholden...
... lockstep with the Democratic Party. They've never been in the Oval Office. Your dad took them in.
Yes.
Buy American, hire American.
By the way, he did that in New York with every building he was building.
All right, what do you -- when you watch media, probably short of me -- I think I'm an island unto myself on the media these days...
Does it anger you? Because...
... they're going hard and heavy every single day, like the Russian conspiracy. Eight months later...
... no proof, no evidence.
Right.
All right, private conversation I probably shouldn't bring it public, but I'm going to. I thought you should go with your dad to the White House. I think, of all the kids, in a lot of ways, you're most like your father. Am I right?
It's not against anybody else. I'm saying in addition to.
In other words, I think you could be like your dad on Twitter occasionally.
You make up nicknames for people, too?
I don't want to hear it. Don't even start.
All right, now, you're going to Montana. You're going to be there Friday and Saturday. And by the way, if you want to see Don, Jr., you can go to the Web site. It's called...
... committee.com. We'll put it up on the screen. And we'll see you again. Don, good to see you. We thanks for coming back. Appreciate it.
All right, and coming up next tonight...
All right, General Jack Keane calling out the Obama administration for downplaying the real threat that North Korea now poses the world. He's here to explain.
Also tonight...
Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly issues that warning about ISIS. Dr. Gorka will join us later with reaction on this busy news night tonight here on "Hannity."
That was Fox News military analyst General Jack Keane discussing the foreign policy failures of the Obama administration last night with Martha MacCallum. He joins us now with more.
All right, here's my take. I tried to lay this out. It was during the Clinton years Clinton gave the North Koreans Kim Jong-il at the time $4 billion and promised the American people this is a great deal for us, that this will stop their nuclear program. He was wrong. They got nuclear weapons and they got the money on top of it.
Same thing, Obama believed the red line in the sand resulted in Assad getting rid of chemical weapons. I also will predict with certainty tonight that this bad Iranian deal with end with the Iranians getting nuclear weapons. Why does the left constantly make this mistake that they can appease despots and dictators.
OK, taking the vice president's comments and McMaster's comments, General McMaster, it says they are going to stop this containment philosophy policy. OK, they have nuclear weapons. We don't believe they have ICBM capability. The question is how far would this administration be willing to go in terms of stopping ICBM capability without risking millions dying in Seoul and potentially millions dying in Japan? What do we do? How do you stop that?
All right, good to see you, general. Thank you. Very tough situation we will continue to monitor.
And up next tonight right here on "Hannity."
The homeland security secretary John Kelly warning about the dangers that radical Islamists pose to America. Up next we get reaction from Dr. Sebastian Gorka. And also tonight.
Liberal snowflakes spiraling way out of control. Larry Elder will weigh in. We will show you the video and much more.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So, according to a disturbing new report the vice president of Iraq believes that ISIS and Al Qaeda are actually negotiating a potential alliance. Meanwhile, earlier today, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly issued a very stern warning about the constant and imminent threat of global terror. Pay attention to this.
Joining us now, deputy assistant to the president Dr. Sebastian Gorka is with us. Let's start with a possible alliance Al Qaeda and ISIS and what it would mean in terms of the terror network.
All right, but there is the potential not only of an emerging new alliance, the president got along according to every report very well with the president of China, but more importantly, he recently met with King Abdullah of Jordan. He met with President General el-Sisi of Egypt. He met with the crown prince of Saudi Arabia and Prime Minister Netanyahu. I'll be in Israel later in the week.
Because of Obama and his seemingly awful judgment on the Iranian deal, there seems to be an opportunity for a brand new coalition emerging in the Middle East, and those Sunni nations aligning with Israel is a game changer, especially because of the U.S. interaction with all those countries. Thoughts?
I have got to ask this. So if we have investigations, ISIS, radical Islamic investigations in all 50 states, all these incidents that we could talk about, Orlando, Fort Hood, San Bernardino, Chattanooga, the Boston bombing, reports out today, Allahu Akbar. How does America root this out? Because it's like, OK, where is it coming from? Some people are inspired online and we have sympathizers. Some people might try to get into the country and lie their way in. How do you possibly judge when you're taking in people from countries that have values that directly contradict our constitutional values? How do you ever know or can you ever know?
All right. We got to run but we appreciate your insight, input. Thank you so much, Dr. Gorka.
And coming up tonight on this busy news night here on HANNITY.
Congresswoman Maxine Waters calling for Donald Trump's impeachment yet again over the weekend. So will the liberal snowflakes ever let up? Larry Elder is up next straight ahead.
Democratic Congresswoman Maxine Waters once again calling for President Trump to be impeached. Now, Waters was taking part in one of the many tax protests that were held over the weekend where all these liberal snowflakes were out in full force.
Now, in case you were too busy, too sane to attend one of these crazy demonstrations, here is some of the fun that you missed out on. Take a look.
Joining us with reaction, radio syndicated, nationally syndicated talk show host for Salem Radio Larry Elder is with us. I don't even know how to react to this anymore. But what's worse is the media believes these conspiracy theories. Do you think this is effective? Because from my perspective, Donald Trump keeps his promises, he runs into re-election. Thoughts?
Whoa.
Let me go to some of my favorite highlights of the snowflakes. Imagine if similar things were said and it was during Obama's presidency. This is Madonna and Ashley Judd. Watch this.
I don't even know what to say to that.
I don't know how to react to that except that if Larry Elder talked about blowing up the Obama White House, I expect handcuffs, mug shots, perp-walk, jail time, Hannity bailing you out with a file and a cake.
They are totally unhinged. Larry Elder, always good to see you. Thank you for helping us break down insanity before our very eyes. That's very helpful.
Thanks so much.
And when we come back we need your help. An important "Question of the Day," and apparently not so nice messages left on the "Hannity" hotline. That's straight ahead.
Time for tonight's "Question of the Day." Should congress end its recess to work on President Trump's agenda. Just go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
Hit me with your best shot. Time for the messages you left for me on the "Hannity" hotline.
Not smart, not cool. My hair is horrible and I throw like a girl. Really, do you have anything else nice you want to say? Nice or mean, call the number on your screen. We'll play anything, 877-225-8587.
That's all the time we have left this evening. The reason I don't throw the real football is because I break the lights constantly and it cost me a fortune. That's the truth. We will see you back here tomorrow night. Thanks for being with us.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 15  ***************************************************
 We'll break it down slowly. A big hour tonight. The corrupt, Trump-hating news media, they are dusting off the tinfoil hats, fueling up their black helicopters and are running absolutely wild with baseless conspiracy theories about President Trump and his great health report.
We're going to cover the out-of-control media and the bias. We do it regularly on the program, but this is now insane. This is a new level.
So, Dr. Ronny Jackson, he briefed the media on the results of the president's extensive medical exams. What did he find? A president in excellent health.
Dr. Jackson is also saying of the president, that he did so well on a cognitive test, and he has normal, perfect, neurological functions. No early onset Alzheimer's or dementia. Now, of course, this does not fit the media and their preconceived fake news narrative that President Trump is crazy, suffering from dementia, early onset, and is mentally unfit to serve, which means in their twisted minds, he needs to be thrown out of office.
For 49 long minutes, the media breathlessly, hysterically asking the president's doctor about his mental fitness. They couldn't believe the answers they were getting. He asked for the cognitive test. It's one of the best tests out there and he passed it perfectly, 30 out of 30. This is something they have been obsessing over.
You're going to enjoy this. Watch.
Pretty amazing. Now, to reiterate, Dr. Jackson, he told the media that the president is in excellent health and he could easily serve for two terms. That really got to them.
The only thing wrong, OK, he has moderately high cholesterol, a lot of us do. He needs to lose a couple of pounds, a lot of us do. And, of course, the media, they couldn't stand the good news. They couldn't even believe it.
Now, this is what's interesting. They have so convince themselves in their little bubble that they have, you know, it's like an echo chamber that only they listen to, endless hours of speculation, that the president was unfit for office.
So the press conference just continued to go off the rails like I have never seen before. Never before has a doctor but missed transparent with the media, asking Dr. Jackson about things like the president's Twitter use, his television watching habits, how many scoops of ice cream he has for dessert.
Take a look at what supposedly is investigative journalism in this country in action. Take a look.
We have a lot of people in the studio tonight, they are laughing.
All right. We actually went back and checked to see if the media ever ask anything close to those questions about Barack Obama's health or any other president for that matter and the answer, of course, they did not.
Now, after that frenzied display, members of the media should have their owned heads examined. I said this before. Hating Trump is their heroin. It's their drug. And they are completely hooked on their drugs. They're like addicts. The only thing that gives them a fix is attacking the president minute-by-minute.
And the media is so completely utterly unhinged and deranged, and today's press conference is just their latest episode. Ever since President Trump announced his candidacy, the blind sheep in the liberal media, who live in their own bubble, and bounce their own recycled talking points and their own little echo chamber, they have been rushing to create a new crisis after a new crisis after a new crisis, and their recent hyperventilation has reached extreme levels. Even for their pathetically low standards, by the way.
It's one crisis, one panic, one total meltdown after another where they repeat the exact same words, meaning, NBC, ABC, CBS, "New York Times," "Washington Post," they use the same commentary until something better can be blown out of proportion comes along.
And for the last couple of weeks, the media's schizophrenia has been on full display. It's gone from a year of saying President Trump colluded with Russians, there is no evidence. President Trump is going to start a nuclear war. They are not mad that it was in fact Bill Clinton that gave North Korea billions and promised, it's going to be a good deal for the American people. The media being BFFs with Steve Bannon, you know, they were friends for at least three days because he made comments that they like for once, in the giddiness over Bannon's comments of Michael Wolff's phony book.
Now, this is the narrative that now, it's Trump's crazy. We should invoke the 25th Amendment, we will use that to throw him out of office. Russia didn't work.
Take a look at this insane coverage that you are getting, and I tell you, media is dead. I told you in 2007. I was more right than I ever dreamed. Take a look.
Wait, Dr. Humpty Dumpty, and Dr. Anderson Cooper, and Dr. Nicolle Wallace, this is hard to keep up with. You see, if you watch really closely, this is how they do it, this is interesting. One person will say in their bubble, he's really demented.
No, he's really, really demented, and in the next liberal says no, really, really, really demented. And they are talking to themselves. You get how they needed their own examination?
There is a reason the American people don't watch a lot of these fake news networks. Now, after moving on from his manufactured crisis, one after another, the media's new drug of choice is the alleged comments that President Trump made in a heated oval office debate about immigration.
Fake news CNN loses it. They need some help. They need some psychiatric help. And according to the Media Research Center, the network literally said on air blank ssh-hole, I'm not allowed to see it. I'll be honest, I'd say it. I'm not allowed.
What sshole fake news network.
Now, I wonder if the CEO, soon-to-be scandal plagued Jeff Zucker, and the stenographer Humpty Dumpty are really proud of that coverage. It's pretty pathetic.
Maybe I need to do a public service, may be a need to send CNN over a case of Xanax, if I can get it legally. Since the media, led by the highly esteemed doctors Joe Scarborough and his soon-to-be bride, Dr. Mika Brzezinski, since they love to diagnose the president even though they have zero medical qualifications, all right, let me play the same game. I'll step into their echo chamber for a minute and I'll play their game.
Here's Dr. Hannity's prescription tonight. All of you on the fake news network, you desperately, trust me, need psychiatric help. You are all out of touch with reality and suffering from delusional groupthink about the president. And if, for some reason, you overpaid lazy so-called journalists can't pay for it, I'll help you because I'm probably paid more and I will offer assistance.
And also tonight, everything that we have been telling you, let's get serious for a minute, is now starting to play out. This is the serious side.
They don't talk about forgotten men and women. By the way, this isn't about me being right or the show being right, even though we are clearly the team that we have assembled here, the only ones in the media talking about it, it's about what's right for the country. It's about our Constitution. This is what is serious about it. What's right for the rule of law, equal justice under the law.
We have been uncovering, and peeling the layers of that onion. The Clinton bought and paid for fake news Russian propaganda dossier, it's now being exposed and there are so much more to come. We are learning the dossier was used by the Obama administration to literally spy and get that FISA warrant on members of the Trump campaign and a present-elect. This is serious.
They have weaponized America's most powerful tools of intelligence to go after an opposition party in an election year and then, of course, a president-elect. We have a massive development tonight in the Clinton email server scandal. "Washington Examiner" reporting that the chief of staff and senior counsel to the FBI director, Christopher Wray, is in fact will be grilled by House lawmakers about the corrupt Clinton email investigation. Oh, I thought that was dead.
And that's huge because Rybicki the one that will be grilled was one of three people that James Comey sent his original statement that exonerated Clinton, oh, before they investigated, and 17 other witnesses and Hillary Clinton had not been interviewed for. How do you write an exoneration before investigating? Yes, this is serious.
The same statement where Comey and his minions changed the word twice from the legal standard gross negligence, which would mean Hillary Clinton broke the law, and actually put in there that foreign entities got a hold of this, and then they changed it to extreme carelessness and they used as a justification, all of this to let Clinton walk free. We know she committed felonies. That is serious if we have equal justice under the law.
And then a Comey his little minions also alter the original conclusion. It was reasonably likely that Clinton's server stored in the bathroom of a mom-and-pop shop closet was hacked by hostile actors, top secret classified special access program information, all hacked. Yet, the fixes and before they investigated now we are learning more and more about how top officials at the FBI covered up evidence that Hillary Clinton committed crimes and put our national security, your national security at risk?
And just like with everything else, we have been telling you that the media ignores, it is only the start of much bigger things that will be coming. I promise you. This will rival the worst scandal by far in American history. It's that severe.
And there is other breaking news tonight. Sara Carter reporting that Fusion GPS, you know, the firm that Clinton bought and paid for, the fake news Russian dossier that was used to get the FISA warrant to dig up dirt on President Trump, candidate Trump, well, what is unclear is who was paying for it. We know Hillary Clinton, the DNC, she controlled, shelled out $12 million to fund Fusion GPS to pay for those Russian lies. They wanted to influence the election. After all, they store stole the primary from poor Bernie and his supporters.
And sources are telling me tonight that if the information is about the dossier, if it's related to the public, here's what I was told -- it will shock the conscience of law-abiding Americans in the entire country. That is how serious it is, as the media makes fools of themselves every night.
We are hoping that you, the American people, that you will get to see everything because I am told when you do, it will blow you away. The real Russian scandal will finally be exposed.
Here with reaction, Fox News contributor Sara Carter, Fox News legal analyst, Gregg Jarrett.
Sara, let's start with you and your new report tonight. This thing is still going on?
All right. Let's take -- you know, I can make fun of the media and I will be honest, I think sshole montage is funny. I think they do need psychiatric help. I truly believe it.
But now when I get to the serious side of it, which is the law, equal application of the law, the Constitution, surveillance abuses, Fourth Amendment violations, and then, of course, the forgotten men and women ignored, it's not funny anymore.
Wait a minute. They did it purposefully. You don't write an exoneration --
-- before an investigation. You do not do it -- and the media, if they had an ounce of honesty, if this was Donald Trump that had an exoneration and no investigation, they really would need that box of Xanax.
Sara, I heard the words, what, house intelligence community was handed by the Department of Justice. And there is 1.2 million pages of materials that was handed over by the I.G. to Congress. This is after a year's worth of investigating.
The words I got were -- it will shock the conscience and the soul of this country.
All right.
None.
Papadopoulos in The New York Times, talk about four-way hearsay.
Four-way hearsay. With that being admitted in a court of law?
Thank you. Funny but serious.
And we've got so much more. We have an unbelievable show tonight. Eric Trump next and so much more. Stay with us.
The media -- I couldn't believe the reaction today. That was the president's physician, Rear Admiral Ronny Jackson, answering the mainstream media's insane -- I mean, lieraly insane. I mean, they need psychological help, psychiatric help, questions about the president's health.
Here with reaction now, from the Trump Organization, President Trump's son Eric Trump.
You know, there's part of this is funny but it's not funny, because they, and their little bubble, echo chamber, convince themselves, and your dad asked for a cognitive test, which apparently was one of the hardest ones --
Thirty for 30.
I do, too.
Keep up with your father.
It has been nonstop. I have listened to your dad's accomplishments for the first year. 81, phenomenal promises made, promises kept, just regulations alone. Energy independence, he got his tax bill done, ended mandate, ANWR finally open, somebody did it. There are huge accomplishments.
You see the economic boom that is unfolding before our eyes, and they are upset that the president is healthy. Excellent health.
That's great.
Actually did today.
You know what they don't like?
They don't like that he's not them. They don't like that he has different views. They don't like that he is more irreverent and more politically incorrect. They can't handle this.
They don't like that either.
I hate Wall Street. I wish I was up 35 percent.
I know.
You know people tell me? Please don't stop fighting. Because they know that this is like an oasis here. This is -- we are not them. By the way, I've never been to a White House correspondent dinner because I hate them and they hate me, so it works out well.
Here's what I want to ask you. Imagine a scenario where it's proven, and the head of your party, the Republican Party, said that Donald Trump rigged a primary election. Rigged it. Donna Brazile's words, not mine.
Then your dad paid for a Russian propaganda with salacious lies and misinformation against Hillary Clinton to influence the general election, then, we find out about the FBI director and some of his minions put the fix in and exonerated your father before an investigation. And then we find out the phony Russian paid for dossier that they wanted to use to manipulate the American people before an election to steal the general, they stole the primary, if that was used to get a warrant on Hillary Clinton, Hillary Clinton's team, and opposition candidate, and then a president-elect Hillary -- thank god we don't have to say that. What would the media be doing tonight?
Nothing. And no vision to help the forgotten men and women of this country. You know the best thing your dad does, he gives a speeches or town halls, see those people in the back, fake news and everybody turns and they're screaming at people in the media and say you suck and they still don't care.
195 times they said s-hole on the fake news all network. I'm sorry, I can't help it, and they said I couldn't say it on the air, but it's pissing me off.
And they said they care about the men and women on poverty out of work, at any point does they look at security or it was dumb for Obama to try and bribe murdering dictator to like us. And a cargo plane with currency from a million countries.
It doesn't make sense. You can take it, your brother can take it and your sister can take it and Jared can take it then they pick on the first lady and your 11-year-old brother and they don't even see that as being wrong.
Is he 12, now?
You don't know either. Don't worry.
I wish you could show the pictures of your little boy if you are willing to send me.
Before he was born.
All right. I got to roll, good to see you.
Thanks for stopping by, I slight hear from you. When we come back, a live report with Ed Henry from the White House, Sebastian Gorka, Kayleigh Mcenany, busy news night, a lot more to come, Straight ahead.
We are following peak developments out of Washington tonight. The clock now ticking towards a government shutdown. The government never really shuts down at the end of the week I will explain, also homeland security secretary Kiersten Nielsen was unbelievable on Capitol Hill today. Here to break it all down, from the White House fox news chief national correspond, our friend Ed Henry. Big day on Washington, the government never fully shuts down, right, Ed?
And the government never shuts down, the essential employees stay in place and other people get a furlough and get their money back and a free vacation. That is the fact. Ed, thank you so much, we appreciate that reporting. Fox News national security strategist Sebastian Gorka joins us now, he is the author of the brand new bestselling book, it is called the "the new American Revolution, the making of the populous movement." RNC spokesperson Kayleigh Mcenany is with us. One thing I will say about Ed just discussing I know that Dick Durbin called the president, I know Dick Durbin said we had a deal, but Dick Durbin, only had a deal with Lindsey Graham and nobody else was on the deal. And then Lindsey Graham and Dick Durbin, Dr. Gorka, take them out with their statement that contradicted by other people, so I wasn't there.
And Kayleigh, the deal was simple, because five years ago the same Democrats are on record saying we have to secure the border, voting for the wall which the President now wants. Such hypocrites. And there was end-chain migration. That is where a lot of the problems come from in terms of security in the country and want a merit-based immigration policy. The Democrats don't want DACA, because they want it as an issue in 2018. Isn't that what's going on?
All right. Let me go back to Dr. Gorka, you know we have what is told to me will shock the conscience of America in terms of what the House Intel Committee has in their possession. Adam Schiff said Steve Bannon will talk about this and this. And I give that Devin Nunes what the reaction would be and then you see the media hysteria, oh my god the president is healthy. He doesn't have early onset, he doesn't have dementia and they kind a fit today.
Thank you. Dr. Gorka, Kayleigh, congratulations on the book. It's doing so well for you and you deserve it.
When we come back we'll look at the construct media straight ahead.
Breaking tonight our friends at the media research center, they came out today with part one of their very revealing new report, it is entitled 2017, the year the news media went to war against a President. Now in this study, they detail just how ridiculously partisan the media coverage was of President Trump's first year in office. For example check out this graph, it shows the negative coverage of President Trump and his administration and what he received on the network in a newscast throughout the year. It consistently hovers around 90 percent negative versus 10 percent positive. Neutral coverage was excluded, and that surprisingly those saying network TV news cast dedicated in the same amount of coverage to the fake news Trump-Russia collusion, In fact according to the MRC, they spent over 1200 minutes talking about it. Far exceeding the coverage that they gave to any the story which of course were also anti-Trump. The media research center also gave us an exclusive sneak peek of part two of the report where they analyze six Trump accomplishments to the network newscasts had virtually ignored. The president's actions on deregulating expediting pipe line projects and promoting religious freedom and confirmation of conservative judges. Drilling in parts of the arctic and elsewhere and moving us to energy independence. Do you think the news media is not biased and didn't have an anti-Trump agenda, what more proof do you need? Watch today's press conference. Here with reaction the Hill's Joe Concha. You're an island unto yourself in a lot of ways, because you're not in the bubble echo chamber and I notice they don't like you for that.
I did 195 polls on CNN fake news alone. You know what I'll do tomorrow, I will do all 195.
You watch the presser today -- what did you think of it because it was, to me, a collective insanity.
That is what President Trump said.
he basically said they can't stand that they were wrong.
Liberal Joe is not a doctor? He is not Dr. Mica Brzezinski? Are you kidding me?
Anderson Cooper?
You watch the press today and saw the President's doctor. The President asked for the cognitive test. He not only aced it but a perfect score.
I've been around a lot of people and the President, as you know. I know they're lying. I'm not a doctor. I'll follow liberal Joe's foot prints.
Totally agree. Great work. You'll love the video of the day and of course the hot line next.
You got to love our video of the day. It is special because it features some of America's most underappreciated heroes in action. This is amazing. Firefighters, we know, they risk their lives every single day to protect our communities. That was no different on January 3rd were Captain Scott Stroup was filmed making this amazing catch while battling a very serious apartment failure. Watch this.
It injured 12 people. They could have been so much worse without the courage and sure hand Captain Stroup and his colleagues. That child is fine, thank god. Time for the messages, Hannity hotline. Wow. Getting brutal. Take a listen.
Zombie bites and evil laughter? If you have something to say, sound off. Take it all, whatever you got 877-225-8587. That is all the time we will have left.
Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 16  ***************************************************
 In what is almost an unprecedented move, President Trump invited lawmakers to the White House today and peeled back the curtains by actually allowing TV cameras into the room to capture their debate on immigration.
Now, most of you I'm sure were unable to watch this play out in full, so, we're going to play large portions of it tonight in case you missed it. Now, the President Trump started off the discussion saying border security has to come first in any deal. Yes, and we want the wall.
Take a look.
Now, as you watch this tonight, remember this is the same president that the media and every Democrat has been telling you for days and weeks and in some cases months is absolutely crazy. No, he was very engaged. He was totally in charge.
And being transparent, extremely patient and common sense solutions were being offered. He was giving you, the American people, a rare glimpse into an historic process on the important issue of immigration reform. And just a few hours ago, all the president tweeted: As I made very clear today, our country needs the security of the wall on the southern border, which must be a part of any DACA approval.
The president obviously now refusing to back down on building the border wall. I have been saying this months and years in order for the GOP to be successful, you guys want to win the midterm elections? Build 200 or 300 miles of the border wall. Go down there and cut your commercials. Promise made, promise kept. Voters happy.
The American people need to see tangible results and progress being made on this key promise is key for November. This has to be: fund the wall, build the wall first, because it's always like oh, you get the tax increase, you never get the spending cuts they promise. You always get the consideration, the amnesty, whatever it happens to be, the wall never gets built.
We have been down this road. We have seen this rodeo before.
You, Republicans, you want to win in November? You’re up for election, not Donald Trump. Put the American people, put their security first and show them that by November, you're keeping your promises. Just smart, good for the country, good politics.
After the president's remarks, Democrats they quickly moved to their debate. All they care is amnesty, DACA, annual necessity and DACA. Take a look.
Great points by Kevin McCarthy.
Here are some of the other big moments from today's immigration debate. Take a look at this.
If you don't have the wall, you will never have security. Also, the DHS Secretary Nielsen made some great points as you saw in that exchange.
And as we saw today, the president and even some Republicans are saying the border wall has to come first. It has to. And then Congress can talk about other things.
To me, that's the right answer. If you build the wall, expeditiously and fully fund it, you can move forward. You can have your discussions. Chain migration, also must go away. The lottery system. We have learned in the last year must go away.
And when it comes to the Democrats, they are massive hypocrites. And they are being exposed nothing but political opportunists on the issue of immigration. I doubt anyone else in the media is about to show you these massive flip-flops. Take a look.
It shows how far left now this Democratic Party has moved. By the way, anyone else going to point out the hypocrisy? I guess now that it's politically expedient for the Democratic Party in now opposing the policies they were passionately supporting en masse.
Now, FoxNews.com has a great article up today showcasing the Democrats' blatant hypocrisy on immigration. Here's the headline: Dems change tune on border wall after backing barrier oh under Obama.
And the reporting points out that five years ago under Barack Obama, the entire Democratic Caucus voted to build 700 miles of fencing along the southern border. It's the same area that President Trump's border wall would cover. They didn't get the job done and it doesn't end there.
The bills Democrats supported which was called the Economic Opportunity and Immigration Modernization Act also included $40 billion over a decade to strengthen border security measures and also call the doubling the number - - called for doubling the number of border agents to be hired. It would have been a good idea.
Here's what this tells us: Democratic Party and their opposition to what President Trump is asking for is nothing but a total farce. It's about playing politics, identity politics. It has nothing to do with the facts and reality about what is going on at the border.
Look, I have personally been reporting from the border at least a dozen times. Horseback, all-terrain vehicle, I have been out there on helicopters, boats, I have done it all. All of it.
Got it. Welcome back to "Hannity."
Here with reaction to my opening monologue and the president's big bipartisan meeting on immigration at the White House today, counsel to the president, Kellyanne Conway, is back.
Good to see you, Kellyanne.
Here, the president put out this tweet earlier tonight and he said building the wall and we heard him over and over again. It's imperative. I know that conservatives, friends of mine, they doubt because they have been promised again and again and again.
We always get the consideration amnesty, never the wall. We always get the spending increase, never the tax cut. Now, we have the tax cut. People want to see that wall. They want to see some of it by November.
Yes.
When I showed the tape of Chuck Schumer and Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton and then there is Barack Obama.
All these Democrats, they basically sound like Donald Trump. But now because Donald Trump supports it, they can't possibly support. Only if the anointed one, Obama, maybe if Oprah supported it, they would support it.
So, is it just opposition to this president for the sake of opposition?
And the other point is all these days, I saw a president in command of the facts, leading, opening up transparency like we have never had before today. And that's what made it so fascinating.
Last question, quick answer, we're running out of time. For 2018, isn't it good for the Republican Party to be able to say see, we're keeping our promise. We have 200 or 300 miles of the wall done now. Take a look at it. We meant it. We got it done.
Right, absolutely.
All right, Kellyanne, thanks for staying up late. I know you're always up early. We appreciate it.
When we come back, Ed Hendry is here with a live report on disturbing new details on the anti-Trump dirty dossier, also, Lara Trump and more.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Congressional panels are investigating whether Trump-hating FBI agent Peter Strzok and of course his mistress, Lisa Page, helped leak information to the press. We had our "Special Report" last night. Also today, Senator Dianne Feinstein, she released a transcript of Fusion GPS co-founder Glenn Simpson and his August interview with the Senate Judiciary Committee. Here with a live report from the White House and all the latest details is Ed Henry. And Ed, they talked about somebody died already over this.
All right. Ed, great report tonight. We appreciate it. And joining us now with reaction, Fox News contributor Sara Carter, Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett is with us. You know, Sarah, this is the Hillary Clinton bought and paid for dossier, with paid for Russian lies and propaganda and salacious details that were never true. Go ahead.
And every news network, they went nuts with this. And you're right, they have been wrong. They have been wrong all along. Let's talk about the legal side of this. Gregg Jarrett, I'm glad Michael Cohen is fighting back. Truth does matter. Thoughts.
Amazing. I love the fact -- you read everything and we love you for it, Gregg. You really are amazing.
Let me ask you this. They are talking about already a death in the case. Now, hang on a second. When we reported, Sarah, right here on this program that Hillary Clinton and the Fox News Channel reported that five foreign intelligence agencies, 99 percent likelihood that they got all of those 33,000 emails and then some and classified and top secret and special access programs. If James Comey is drafting that in fact, remember the draft, the exoneration before the investigation.
And Comey wrote himself that it was likely these foreign entities got it. Do we know of any potential harm that came to anybody?
Unbelievable.
Comey and Strzok rigged the primaries so Hillary could keep going. And then sadly, she rigged the primary against Bernie Sanders. And on top of this, we have this literally Hillary Clinton bought and paid for dossier. We have so much more news coming in the days ahead. Good to see you both.
By the way, I kind of like you without a tie, Gregg Jarrett. I know it's a casual vacation day for you. We dragged you in. Thank you for coming. And when we come back, President Trump responds to reports that Oprah Winfrey might run against him in 2020. Lara Trump and Joe Concha are here with reaction and you will not believe the Hannity Hotline.
The president earlier today responding to a report Oprah Winfrey might be the savior for the Democrats against him in 2020, something the liberal media has been completely giddy about. Here are the reactions. The Hill's Joe Concha and President Trump's daughter-in-law and senior adviser for Trump 2020, Lara Trump is with us. First of all, congratulations. I just saw pictures of the baby.
Absolutely. That hair is to die for. It's amazing. Look, I honestly think that when all of the noise settles at the end of the day, the fact that we have 2 million fewer people on food stamps, the economy is turning around, every indicator, I won't go through the list.
I have 100 and some accomplishments in year one.
And the media laughed at the idea.
Well, why is there a desire always in the media, Joe, for their savior? Because we know that they wake up in the morning seeing what they can hate Donald Trump about on any given day.
You know, one of the things I always like to ask you because I watch the attacks on your family. You know that they are -- they always wanted to get Donald Trump. They never thought he would win. Then he wins. Then they were attacking him. And then Russia collusion not proven. A lot is boomeranging back, but it's hard. How hard has it been on your family?
The agenda is good for the country, Lara.
The baby is four months old, right?
Has he been in the Oval Office yet?
And you have those pictures -- have you tweeted those out?
You know he has the same desk that John F. Kennedy has and Ronald Reagan had. And they have -- they still have that opening.
Oh, is that true? I would take the picture in the opening too. And definitely with the hairstyle I saw today it's amazing. All right, last word Joe Concha, I think at the end of the day the noise goes away, is the economy better and are we safer as a country and how many promises did he keep?
Show us 200, 300 miles of the wall. Great to see you. Welcome back.
Congrats on the baby.
From all of us. All right. Last night a guy says every time I open my mouth a kitten dies. Tonight, Hannity Hotline is worse.
All right, tonight's video of the day comes from one of the most biased anti-Trump reporters at fake news CNN over the last year, Jim Acosta spent more time bashing President Trump than almost anyone else on TV. And as a reward, CNN just promoted him to the coveted position of White House correspondent. All right, congratulations Jim, not just for the new title.
But I think you have a really strong shot to take the prize in the president and his fake news awards. In case like most of America, you don't watch fake news CNN, our video of the day has some of Acosta's, on his mind, best moments but we know worst.
The fix is in, you mean like Strzok and Comey? And like Bernie Sanders? Like they don't report that. Now it's the Hannity Hotline. Unbelievable. More kittens.
What is it with the kittens? Every time I open my mouth I kill a kitten. I can't open my mouth. We'll never be the fake news media. Always fair and balanced. If you have anything to say 877-225-8587. And look who's next.
Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 17  ***************************************************
 
show#: 18  ***************************************************
 How are you, Mr. President?
My second interview since you've been president. Do you guys want to start with good news?
You don't get a lot of good news in the media.
The market is up 25 percent since you won.
You tweeted this out that nobody in the media brings it up so I said, you know, what, I am going to bring it up tonight. $5.2 trillion in wealth created. We have the lowest unemployment rate in 16 years. We have the best labor participation rate in seven years and the best -- the lowest number of people on food stamps in seven years.
You came back to Pennsylvania. I know you've been in Wisconsin and Michigan and Ohio and North Carolina. Because a lot of people still need opportunity and jobs.
We are going to be talking at length about your economic plan.
Let's talk about it.
Well, first of all, it's a massive tax cut. And, you know, it's reform but it's a massive tax cuts.
Let's go through it. So, this is important. I mean, there's no two accounts that can give you the same liability to the government, as we're giving the same information. That's how complicated the tax code is. You want to drop seven brackets to three.
You said the corporate rate, which is so important --
-- you said 20 percent is your max.
Consumer confidence.
-- of the total income tax rate. Why is there multinational corporations that have trillions of dollars in countries that offer them better tax relief?
You are trying to incentivize those trillions to come back here with a low repatriation rate. How low will that be and how much do you think you can bring back into the United States and what does it mean?
They are never going to bring it back.
One of the things that people have brought up --
Now, the rate for some people goes down but if you live in a state like New York or Illinois and New Jersey or California, you won't be able to deduct your local or state income tax. In other words, if you elect politicians that want to raise taxes, you will going to pay the penalty. So, that is not really true that this is a tax cut for the wealthy as you are portraying it. What is your answer to that?
Rick Scott.
But you're also, a big part of it, you've already done. And that is, you've ended a lot of the Obama era regulations. Especially in industries like energy and coal.
There seems to be, you have a very strong commitment, you just recently went forward with Anwar, you put in place opportunities for the coal mining industry.
Fracking. We do have an opportunity to be energy independent. And there seems to be millions of high paying career jobs for people available if that decision is made. How big a part is that for the economic recovery?
Fracking in Pennsylvania?
Yes.
The biggest obstacle before you arrived here, I had an opportunity to interview a lot of people in this great crowd. And I asked them basically three different questions. What they thought of you. Overwhelmingly, there is a lot of support for you here. Congress --
-- when I asked them about, what was your answer on Congress?
What was your answer on the media?
We saw what happened with health care in John McCain. This economic plan sounds a lot to me like what Reagan did and that created 20 million new jobs and revenues doubled. This is important for your agenda.
How do you get this through the Senate, which does not have a good record in the last 10 months?
Do you agree with that? Fake news?
In 1974, there was, go ahead.
Right.
Truckers would benefit if they unite.
Right.
Right.
You do?
With some people, you saw and heard Bob Corker.
John McCain wasn't there. Even though I can --
I can run 100 ads show in John McCain, I'm going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. He wouldn't even vote, just repeal it.
So, that's got to be frustrating and disappointing.
Can you get it done by the end of the year?
Three-two.
I think they will be higher tonight. I'm just guessing.
Right. Barack Obama was the first president in history that never hit three percent GDP growth in a single year of his presidency which I think speaks volumes.
For the treasury.
Yes.
And coming up, more of my exclusive interview with President Trump. Now, he will weigh in on the NFL kneeling controversy. He will explain what he thinks the league should have done with Colin Kaepernick. And that and more is straight ahead.
And welcome back to HANNITY. Now, earlier today, I interviewed President Trump at the 193rd Special Operations Wing at the Air National Guard Base in Middletown, Pennsylvania. Now, here's part two of that exclusive interview. Take a look.
A lot of people, I was surprised watching all last year with Colin Kaepernick. The guy praised a murdering thug dictator. He had socks that depicted cops as pigs. And other issues, he actually donated to a charity that actually supported a cop killer. And then we saw the NFL. And you took it on it appears based on the letter that Roger Goodell put out yesterday that Donald Trump initiated a debate over standing for the flag and our anthem and those that people fought, bled, died. And it looks like you won.
Obviously the people of the country are with you. Hundreds of thousands of people fought, bled, hundreds of thousands died fighting under that flag.
When you look at the Obama years, Chicago, one city, his adopted home town, 3,900 people were murdered.
In the last six years of Obama's presidency, 18,000 shootings. I don't think he mentioned it about three or four times.
And his economic policies hurt black Americans and Hispanic Americans more. How will your policies help minorities that are still struggling?
Thank you. Sean, in many cases, the police are not allowed to do their jobs. They have to be politically correct. We're talking about lives and wonderful people. And they have to be allowed to do their job. And you will see it stopped. I will never forget, I was in Chicago. And a police officer said there was a motorcycle deal to the plane, I was talking to the police, I was taking a picture. I said, how do you stop this? We could stop it immediately, sir. I said, what do you mean we could stop it? If they would let us do our job, we could stop it immediately. Now, at some point you will have to let them do their job. And they want to do their job. That's the incredible thing. We did it on the border. The border was like a sieve. Now it's down 78 percent.
Rudy Giuliani in New York.
We watched a lot of high-profile incidents during the Obama years. Ferguson, Trayvon Martin down in Florida. Freddie Gray. He said the Cambridge police acted stupidly. It seems every two or four years, and I've been now 30 years in radio. I just started my 23rd year at Fox. That every two or four years -- thank you.
Every two or four years, the Democrats will play the race card. And I resent it as a conservative. Because they will say, oh, the policies, they are racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic. And meanwhile, their policies have not helped the minority communities in America. Is there a way from the federal government's perspective that you can bring economic opportunity and safety?
And coming up, more of our exclusive interview with President Trump. We will ask them about North Korea and their aggression. And what he plans to do with the Iranian nuclear deal. And much more, straight ahead.
Welcome back to 'Hannity.' Here's more of my exclusive interview with President Trump. I asked him about the North Korean threat and Iranian nuclear deal and it so much more. Take a look.
There is a lot of coverage or your praise, they would reported in the media. The calm before the storm. It seemed related to rocket man. His term. Kim Jong-un. In terms of him having ICBM capability, nuclear capability, firing missiles over Japan, our ally. Threatening Guam and potentially may be being able to reach the United States, with a nuclear weapon. At some point, this is going to come to a head.
Is it fair to say if he keeps firing missiles, that is going to end?
Calm before the storm.
Iran, it was interesting. Bill Clinton, when he made the deal with Kim Jong Un's father, Kim Jong-il, he said this is a good deal for the American people. It was not. It seems the same mistake was made with President Obama and the Iranian deal. There are reports you will decertify this. You can also pull out of it. John Bolton suggested you pull out completely. Why de certify and not just scrap it?
Why not, right?
Let me ask you about immigration. You came up on a 70-point plan. There was fear after you had met with Pelosi and Schumer. Talking about DACA. We always get the tax increase but never the spending cuts. You always get the consideration on immigration, you never get the wall built. Part of it is – you said there will be no deal. On DACA. We are going to end chain migration. Building a wall that is going to be see through now so the --
It has to be built.
No amnesty. No chain migration.
No DACA, until you fund the wall.
What does the president think about WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, saying that he has proof that Russia did not give him the DNC emails? Find out the answer to that question, next.
Welcome back to 'Hannity.' We are broadcasting from the 193rd special operations wing at the air national guard base in Middletown Pennsylvania. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange is saying he has proved that the Russians did not give him the DNC emails. Well I asked President Trump if his willing to listen to what evidence Assange has. Let's take a look.
I have identified -- I've even talked -- I've never seen anyone person face as much in terms of attacks as you have. You have media and Democrats that are hostile. Republicans that are hostile. A deep state leaking on you. One of the things that has come up almost throughout your whole presidency is this Russia, Russia, Russia obsession. Here is my question, I interviewed Julian Assange five times. He said it's not Russia. There was no collusion. The DNC emails did not come from them. Dana Rohrabacher met with him and he said he had proof positive evidence that would show the Trump campaign never colluded with Russia. Is it in the best interest of the country that if he has that information, he should give it? It seems he wants and returned to be left alone. Should the country -- does the country deserve to know the truth?
I'm glad to have you.
Hey, come on. Help me out, here.
Mr. President, I remember one time we had an early conversation and I will end the interview on this. This is how I've always felt. He said well, I have all these things. Maybe you want to play golf on my course one day. Well before you ever ran for office. And then when you ran, I said I only want one thing. Help our country. Let's help the forgotten men and women. Let's keep the country safe. I think that is our prayer for you and the country.
The President of the United States.
Also tonight before President Trump speech, I had a chance to speak to the crowd and ask them what they think about the Trump administration, congress, the liberal media, and so much more. Watch this.
Have you met the President?
How do you feel about the job he is doing, the congress, and the media?
How is the president doing?
How is the Congress doing?
How is the president doing?
Congress?
What about the news media?
What you think of CNN?
ABC?
NBC?
CBS?
MSNBC?
What you think of Congress?
Come together.
How do you feel about the news media?
That is a promo. How's the president doing?
What about Congress?
Hi sweetheart, what is your name? Show everybody your beautiful dress. You've got a Donald Trump dress. Do you like it?
How old are you?
Do you like the president
Why?
How is the president doing?
How is the Congress doing?
It worked for Reagan and Kennedy, why wouldn't it work now? Congress is going to get this done.
I am cautiously…
How do you think the media treats the president?
Are you tired of it? And all of them, pretty much? Except me.
Welcome back to 'Hannity.' Unfortunately that is all the time we have left this evening. As always, we thank you for being with us. This show, we are not the liberal establishment mainstream destroy-Trump-media. We will be your fair and balanced show. We will be back in New York tomorrow night. Brian Kilmeade is coming up next. Thank you for being with us.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 19  ***************************************************
 All right, the president is 100 percent right. He's frustrated. I'm frustrated. I'm sure all of you are frustrated. And you know what? We all have every right to be frustrated because these Republicans have let us down.
But tonight, instead of looking backward -- I was pretty angry last night. I won't be as angry tonight. I'm going to offer them free market capitalist solutions that even a U.S. senator should be able to understand.
Now, the Republican Party -- aren't they supposed to be part of the freedom party? Don't they believe in capitalism, free markets? Isn't it time to start embracing the things on the campaign trail that they say they stand for?
For example, I have interviewed with a doctor in Wichita, Kansas. His name, Dr. Josh Umbehr. He runs Atlas MD. He runs one of the most cost- effective medical practices, cooperatives in the country. Now, here's Dr. Umbehr explaining how this great system is working for people. Take a look.
You get that? 24/7, 365 access to your own doctor. You even have your doctor's cellphone account. Add to that a catastrophic plan, now, that with a high deductible, God forbid you have heart attack, you get cancer, you have a bad accident, you're fully and completely covered for so much less than what you're paying now! This is the type of real solutions Washington is needing.
Government, it's never the solution. The free market is. Capitalism is. Now, think about how miserably big government ObamaCare has failed everybody in the country. Remember? We were all supposed to save on average $2,500 per family per year. Well, the opposite has happened. Premiums have gone up everywhere. It's gone up between, what, $5,000 and $8,000 since "Obama care" was implemented? OK, people can't afford that. Then the promise, keep your doctor, keep your plan, one of the biggest lies ever told in American politics!
So instead of trying to fix and tweak the disaster that is known as ObamaCare, which is in a death spiral, OK, Republicans, it's time to offer up conservative, free market, capitalist solutions for the American people, more choices, more freedom, more free market competition. And that means letting customers buy insurance across state lines. (INAUDIBLE) take it job to job.
How many years have I been talking about health care savings accounts? The Cato Institute years ago, patient power, Goodman (ph) and Musgrave (ph) -- they wrote is a great book about health saving accounts, how beneficial it is to the American people. Add to that price transparency and getting rid of strict, unnecessary, burdensome government mandates that all drive up costs -- in other words, the opposite of "Obama care."
Now, our friend, Senator Ted Cruz -- he offered up a great out of the box amendment, which allows people to buy health insurance plans that they want instead of what the government is dictating the kind of coverage you must have. It's simple. You know what you need a lot more than these bureaucrats in Washington.
And according to a new HHS analysis of Senator Cruz's consumer freedom amendment, enrollment would actually increase more under his plan than it would under ObamaCare, being forced to do it by 2014. Premiums would be dramatically lower, meaning that, God forbid, you get sick, you get hurt, you need to go to the doctor, you actually could use your plan, which so many people cannot do.
Now, ideas like these -- this is what Republicans need to start getting behind. And you know what? We're going to put them out there because in spite of yourselves, we're not going to let you fail the American people that are suffering. And frankly, Republicans, you need to answer a simple question going forward. Do you want to be the party of freedom? Do you want to be the party of liberty, free market, capitalism, or not? You say you do. It's as simple as that.
And also tonight, our other top story, (INAUDIBLE) to expose the latest fake news so-called scandal the destroy Trump media created, and then they spread. And it spread like wildfire last night. Now, the press was hysterical after a story broke about President Trump holding what the media falsely claimed was a secret meeting with Vladimir at the G-20 dinner earlier this month.
Now, of course, the media didn't do any fact-checking. They immediately went into full freakout conspiracy mode. Take a look at this.
This is just beyond pathetic. You know what? Once again, it exposes just how lazy agenda-driven these so-called journalists are. Now, first of all, look at this photo. Look at this head photo. This wasn't a meeting and it definitely wasn't secret! The conversation happened at a G- 20 dinner in front of world leaders, the media and other guests.
And what's worse is the media -- they were allowed into the room a few minutes before the meal began. You're looking at the video that they shot! The media was in there! So how can you possible say the meeting is secret or undisclosed? And there's also pictures that prove just how conspiratorial the media really is. Look at the bottom of your screen, President Trump. He's seated next to the wife of Japan's prime minister. And at the top of the screen, there's Vladimir sitting next to our first lady, Melania Trump.
Now according to the White House, at some point during the dinner, Donald Trump did something so shocking, so -- that's never happened before. He actually walked over and talked to another guest, in this case, Vladimir Putin, who is sitting next to his wife. And guess what? President Trump and other leaders -- they also got up. They also talked during the dinner. That's the entire point of the G-20 summit.
Now, look at all the people that were there. Just look at this. And I know the black helicopter tinfoil hat conspiracy theorists -- they're foaming at the mouth and bubbling over in hysteria! But it took all of what, five minutes, less than five minutes for us to completely disprove all of their lies, all of their accusations.
Now, the establishment the destroy Trump media is now -- they're officially psychotic! These people need to be committed. I mean, if it wasn't so serious, it's actually laughable. They are suffering beyond Trump derangement syndrome. They need help. And it doesn't matter what President Trump does, they're going to find a way to spin some wild conspiracy web that somehow shows it leads to Russia and collusion. You know, Russia to the media -- that's like, you know, dropping Alka-Seltzer in water. They bubble and fizz and they foam at the mouth. It's a little -- it doesn't matter how big the story is.
And by the way, wait until next week. They're going to be losing it. Oh, Donald Trump, Jr., Jared Kushner, Paul Manafort have been called to appear before Congress. But guess what? If this is the way they want to go, the road they want to go down, let's get these panels to investigate real scandals and real crimes we've been telling you about, the Ukrainian election interference, the Uranium One deal, Fusion GPS, the fake Trump dossier.
All right, my advice to all of you, the destroy Trump establishment media is simple. You got to stop! Your credibility is already in the toilet. You're a laughingstock. Or maybe you don't stop. You know what? Because I'll keep laughing at you and you can keep embarrassing yourself and exposing that you're a bunch of so lazy, overpaid, rigid, radical left-wing ideologues programed to do one thing, hate the president.
And you know what you're not doing? And this is the shame of all of it with your 24/7 conspiracy theory TV. You're not helping the American people. You're not talking about how America can become more prosperous, how we can get people out of poverty, off of food stamps and create jobs or talking about how to keep America safe. All you care about -- Russia, Russia, Russia nonstop. It's psychotic. You're losing it.
Earlier tonight, I spoke to Kellyanne Conway, counselor to the president.
All right, let's start with health care. I'm trying to put aside my anger tonight and be more solution-oriented. I've known you for over 20 years. We've talked about health savings accounts for 20 years. I've had Dr. Josh Umbehr with the cooperative in Wichita that -- you know, he's been able to help 400 other practices around the country with these cooperatives, $50 a month, 24-hour concierge care. We -- Ted Cruz's amendment drops premiums significantly.
Why after seven years are we having such a hard time with Congress?
You know...
You know, I don't care if it's repeal only and a transition. I wasn't the biggest fan of the House bill, but it's a big step in the right direction.
And it allows, for example, catastrophic care, which is illegal under the "Obama care" law. It allows for health savings accounts. The Cruz amendment is very helpful for lowering premiums. The Freedom Caucus amendments -- they help lower premium.
All right...
All right, I got to...
Oh, we're going to hold them accountable.
Last question...
All right...
Let's go back to the Merkel dinner for just a minute because of the bubble and fizz hysteria on NBC and CNN. OK, all the press knew that Melania was sitting next to Vladimir Putin. Everybody knew all of these leaders were in the room. Everybody knew that everybody would be talking. This is -- what do you make -- it's almost like I want to send everybody in the media -- I -- if Donald Trump drank, and he doesn't, they would say, Oh, my God, that's Russian vodka because they're so obsessed! What's your reaction to the media's insanity here?
I got to...
Listen, Kellyanne, you and I both know they're never going to report on the good news. They're never going to -- they don't seem to care about...
... North Korea, Iran. They don't seem to care about getting Americans off of food stamps, out of poverty and back to work. It's their constant 24/7...
... obsession is -- it's all they care about.
That's true. That's true. All right, by the way, we're not the media. We're the -- we're the fair and balanced part. The rest of them are all sheep.
Kellyanne, good to see you. Thanks for being with us.
Up next tonight on this busy breaking news tonight on "Hannity"...
The establishment destroy Trump media -- they've been losing their collective minds. They're in a state of psychosis over the fact the president spoke to Vladimir Putin at a dinner that everybody knew they both attended! Dr. Gorka -- well, he's not afraid to take on the liberal press. He'll join us next.
And then later tonight, a very important monologue, another example of liberal hate, Rosie O'Donnell's disgusting tweet about a game that involves, oh, killing the president. We'll examine Hollywood hate tonight, and then later, Tomi Lahren -- she gets the final word. Stay with us.
I just safely assume the worst about liberal Joe, who's begging to keep his job on liberal conspiracy TV MSNBC.
Now, the destroy Trump media, the establishment media, is in full meltdown mode. Why? The president and Russian president Vladimir Putin -- well, they talked at a dinner everybody knew they were attending at the G-20 summit meeting earlier this month.
Now, we spoke with the assistant to the president earlier tonight, Dr. Sebastian Gorka.
All right, Dr. Gorka -- all right, everybody in the media knew who was in the meeting, right? I'm not -- there's no surprises here.
So at dinner, is it really unusual to talk to the people that are dinner, or did I grow up in a very strange environment, or should you only talk to the people that you're seated next to only, no talking to other people?
Of course.
I want to know -- and I think this is the very important question. We got to get liberal Joe and Mika on it first thing tomorrow -- is whether or not they served vodka. And then if they did, we got to know if it's Russian vodka. And if it's Russian vodka, was it tainted in some way? And did Donald Trump take the first sip of alcohol in his life? That's what we need to know.
I hope you laughed.
All right, so now my -- my next question is, all right, so you have this beatdown in the media. It was brutal, every -- when you talk about the cartoon network and 50-year-old reruns of Yogi Bear, Hey, boo-boo (ph), beating -- picnic baskets beating CNN fake news? Have you been invited back? Do they want you on their programs anymore?
All right, Dr. Sebastian Gorka, always good to see you, my friend. Thank you for being with us.
All right, when we come back on this busy breaking news edition of "Hannity," more reaction to the media meltdown over President Trump speaking to Vladimir at the G-20 summit. Joe Concha, Ric Grennel -- they'll weigh in.
Also tonight, Rosie O'Donnell -- more left-wing hate, tweeting out a sick game about pushing the president over a cliff to kill him. These antics are not funny, especially after what happened to Steve Scalise and a hit list against Republican. I got a monologue about Hollywood hate. Also, conservative political commentator Tomi Lahren will get the final word tonight as we continue.
Liberal Joe, we can still count on you. After all, you're not a Republican, right? You're keeping your job at NBC, so you become a conspiracy theorist like everyone else there, yet another example of the establishment, destroy-Trump media freaking out that the president at a dinner spoke to Vladimir Putin. What's the dinner for?
Joining us now, former U.S. spokesman for the U.N., Ambassador Ric Grenell, and The Hill media reporter Joe Concha. Maybe I am wrong. I don't go, you know, I'm very proud of the fact, 22 years on Fox, Joe, 30 years I have been in radio. I have not been to one Washington correspondents' dinner. And I'll be very honest why. I don't like those people. And they don't really like me. So I don't want to hobnob with the elitist in the media. And I listen to this obsession of theirs, and then I think, OK, did they cover the economy? Did they cover prosperity, creating jobs, energy independence, America's safety and security? Nope. It's all this 24/7 on two cable networks. What's your reaction?
Twenty-one-and-a-half, get it right.
Do you go to dinner -- when you go to dinner, do you talk to the other people at the dinner? Or you only talk to the people next to you? Is there a rule that I don't know about?
By the way --
Ric, I don't know, look, you worked with the U.N. ambassador. And I don't know, I just assume that people when they see each other, they talk to each other, especially when there are cameras in the room, and everybody knows everybody is at the dinner. Maybe there is a new rule. You're only supposed to talk to this person and that person but nobody else.
If we go to dinner, the three of us, I am not talking to you two because it might be reported that we had a conversation.
No, I'm going to be the one that grabs my phone because I am obsessed. I get home, it's 3:00 in the morning, I am grabbing my phone and tweeting as you know. All right, guys, good to see you both.
When we come back, Hollywood liberals will not stop with their hate, their nonsense, their advocating of violence even. This time the culprit, the one and only Rosie O'Donnell tweeting a game that allows people to push the president off a cliff and kill him. I'll explain in a mini monologue tonight. Also Lou Dobbs with reaction. And also tonight --
Tomi Lahren delivers tonight's final word as we conversation tonight on "Hannity."
Welcome back to "Hannity." So Rosie O'Donnell's latest, sad, pathetic, irrational hatred of the president incident, it's just not going away. And over the weekend she joined many of her unhinged Hollywood friends and, quote, "joked" about calling for the death of our commander in chief by promoting a game called "Push Donald Trump off a Cliff" again. So why are so many so called peace loving, Hollywood elitists actively, supposedly joking, and in some cases rooting for violence against the president of the United States? We explore this in tonight's mini monologue.
This past weekend Rosie O'Donnell, she tweeted out a link to a sick anti- Trump online game. It encourages users to push an image of President Trump to his death, giving players the option to push him off a cliff or into a volcano or into an open manhole in New York City or even into the mouth of a dinosaur.
Of course the disgusting game is meant supposedly in jest, but is it really? By promoting this Rosie O'Donnell now joining the growing list of Hollywood elites who dehumanize President Trump, normalize violence against him and other Republicans. This includes Kathy Griffin who posed, remember, this picture, so disturbing. Every time we show it we have to issue a warning in case your kids are in the room. It's an ISIS style photo shoot featuring Kathy Griffin holding a fake, a very realistic looking bloody severed head of President Trump. There's also Madonna, she's advocating blowing up the White House. She fantasizes about it.
Thinking an awful lot about blowing up the White House. You might also remember this Snoop Dogg music video. Remember that featured a mock execution of a person dressed as President Trump. Take a look at this.
Imagine if that was Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, any liberal.
It's not just Snoop Dogg. Marilyn Manson, he also released a music video with images of President Trump's murder, Mickey Rourke, he threatened to beat Trump with a baseball bat. Robert De Niro, he talked about punching President Trump in the fact. And you can't forget what Johnny Depp also said. Take a look.
Let's not forget about Shakespeare in the Park where a President Trump lookalike got stabbed to death during a New York City performance of "Julius Caesar." Now, I can keep going. You get the point. Hollywood hates President Trump, and Rosie O'Donnell and all her liberal friends and celebrities, they are normalizing violence against the administration, against our elected president.
Tonight while Congressman Steve Scalise is also recovering after being shot by a deranged leftwing gunmen hell bent on killing as many Republicans as possible on his kill list, is it really responsible for Rosie to gleefully tweet out a game urging users to push the president off a cliff? So is Rosie, these Hollywood elites, are they ever going to see through this blind, bizarre, psychotic hatred and realize that their actions and statements do have consequences?
And finally, is Hollywood ever going to stop rooting for the president to die, to fail, to get impeached, and maybe start rooting for this country to succeed? I doubt that's ever going to happen.
And up next right here tonight on "Hannity."
Absolutely, that's all they are good at. That was President Trump earlier today going after Democrats sabotaging his efforts to repeal Obamacare. Lou Dobbs will join us next with reaction.
And also tonight --
Tomi Lahren, she's here with the final word tonight as she is all week, that and more on this busy breaking news night tonight on "Hannity."
That was the president ripping earlier today, talking about how Democrats are offering zero help to fix the problems in the country. No ideas, nothing to fix the disaster that they created known as Obamacare.
Here with reaction, author of the book "Putin's Gambit," Fox Business host Lou Dobbs. I am watching them all celebrating, I'm watching them all really happy, Lou. And I'm thinking, hang on a second. Millions lost their doctors, millions lost their plans. There is what percentage of counties in the country that only have one option, that's it, one? They are mandated to buy it. The average increase in premiums since Obamacare has been in place is what, $6,000, $8,000 a year. This isn't funny to me or to the American people. And they don't offer any ideas.
They created the mess. They made the biggest mess. The president is right. What they really want is to go deeper into the mess. They think Canada's single payer system is so great. If it's so great, then why do all the tens of thousands flock to the United States when they need emergency heart surgery or cancer treatment? If their system was so great why don't they just stay in their own country?
So here's the next question. Lou, look, I have known you for years. You have been on the air for a long time. You spent years, like five years. I am really proud of you. You have done really well.
But here's the truth. How many times have we discussed health saving accounts? How many years? How many decades? How many times have we talked about health cooperatives? How many times have we talked about free markets, the party of freedom, capitalism, competition, driving down prices, increasing services? Where is this Republican Party? They are nonexistent.
Do you care if it's repeal and transition as long as they don't blow the budget out on it? Or do you care if they do repeal and replace with, for example, the Cruz provision? Which I like a lot. It drives premiums down dramatically, just like the Freedom Caucus did. I will take either one at this point. I don't even know if they can get that done and over the finish line.
Is there a party that represents free markets anymore? Is there a party of freedom anymore, capitalism anymore?
All right, Lou Dobbs, you know what, we should go to Congress and the Senate. You and I can solve all of their problems. Freedom. Freedom works.
Why do I know you are dead serious. Lou Dobbs.
He is right.
And up next tonight on this busy breaking news night on "Hannity" --
Our friend Tomi Lahren, she is back with the final word not only tonight but for the rest of the week. That's next straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So all this week, our friend, conservative political commentator Tomi Lahren gets the final word on the program. Here is tonight's final word.
All right, Tomi, well said.
And unfortunately that's all this and we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. This show will always be fair and balanced. We are not the establishment media, thank God. We'll see you back here tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 20  ***************************************************
 All right. Tucker, thank you.
And welcome to HANNITY.
Tonight, breaking news you will not get anywhere in the media. Roger Stone, Sara Carter, Dan Bongino, Gregg Jarrett, Jesse Watters, Jessica Tarlov, Sean Spicer, Joe Concha, all here with reaction tonight.
Now, the abusively biased media goes wall-to-wall to exploit the unhinged former advisor Sam Nunberg, who was clearly in the middle of a personal crisis and breakdown.
Now, plus, this is CNN, the fake news network, they actually travel to Thailand to interview a jailed Russia, quote, sex coach and prostitute who's claiming to have information about the 2016 election interference. Is fake news CNN really that desperate?
Also, brand new tonight, more evidence that the fix was in with FBI's Clinton email investigation. FOX News reporting right here that the Trump- hating FBI agent Peter Strzok was told about a possible breach to Clinton's private server but he never followed it up. That's dangerous.
Breaking now, Sara Carter has an explosive report about John Kerry. Now, the former secretary of state is now being investigated by the House Intel Committee for his possible ties to the codes and bought and paid for dossier and key Republican committee chairman are now calling, as we are, for a second special counsel to be empaneled to investigate the investigators in a severe FISA abuse and FBI bias.
And there is a potential tonight, a nuclear breakthrough with North Korea, dictator Kim Jong-un is saying he's willing to talk to the U.S. about giving up his nukes. We're going to tell you how President Trump is responding.
All happening in our breaking news opening monologue.
All right. Tonight, we have a brand-new example of just how despicably low the hate Trump media will go at every cost to try and damage this president. The corrupt and abusively biased press is exploiting former Trump advisor Sam Nunberg to help do their dirty work.
Never mind the fact that this guy, Sam Nunberg, was in the middle of what is obviously a complete and a total breakdown after getting served a subpoena by the special counsel Robert Mueller. The media didn't care about any of that. They cheered Nunberg, of course, cheering him on because he was attacking the Trump administration, during a series of really incoherent interviews.
Watch the exploitation.
You know, you would think if Erin Burnett over at fake news CNN, if she smelled alcohol on Nunberg's breath, maybe she would have maybe not put him on the air.
But that wasn't the point of what the media was doing yesterday. They didn't care if this guy was literally melting down on national television because they were using him as a tool to attack the Trump administration. It didn't matter if Nunberg wasn't making any sense, that he was contradicting himself or perhaps intoxicated because the media saw this as an opportunity to attack the president and they seized on it just like they always do.
Here's another point. While the mainstream media was obsessing over Nunberg's freak out, they completely missed huge developments in stories they should have been covering, like irrefutable concrete evidence of real Russia collusion. It's pretty shameful, a complete a disservice to you, the American people.
But we do know there liberal media in this country, they stopped caring about the truth, about facts, a long time ago. It's why the so-called facts first network, fake news CNN, they will go anywhere in the world to try and prove their Trump-Russia collusion conspiracy theory to be true. OK, I'm not making this example up. It's true.
From fake news CNN, they actually sent a reporter to Thailand. Why? To interview a jailed Russian prostitute/sex coach who's claiming to have information about 2016 election interference.
Let me get this straight. CNN sends a reporter to Thailand to interview a prostitute/sex coach in jail who claimed to have the smoking gun about the 2016 election. Well, that's news, more like this is CNN.
Look, if you are surprised by CNN's latest stunt to prove the so-called Russia collusion, you should not be. CNN literally went dumpster-diving last month in St. Petersburg, Russia, outside of a building that was reportedly home to the troll farm that tried to influence the election.
You can't make this up. Take a look.
Little dumpster diving, let's see, sex coaches, prostitutes.
We have a news flash for CNN. If you want evidence of real Russia collusion, real crimes that are committed, you don't have to waste your time traveling around the world and diving in dumpsters and going to jail to meet sex coaches. It's right in front of your faces and has been for over a year.
We on this program, we have been exposing how all roads in this Russia investigation lead directly back to Hillary Clinton. She is at the center of everything. You have the Clinton bought and paid for Russia dossier, the lying dossier, Russian propaganda and lies. John Solomon reporting that, that Australian diplomat that started the Russia investigation, he has deep ties to the Clintons, involved in 25 million going to the foundation.
Then you got Sid Vicious Blumenthal, Cody Shearer, they were feeding anti- Trump dirt to the Obama State Department.
And tonight, we have a major new update for my investigative reporter Sara Carter. She's reporting at the House Intel Committee is now investigating former Secretary of State John Kerry and his possible role in the phone and completely unverified dossier.
And as we just told you, Kerry's State Department, they were receiving anti-Trump information from longtime Clinton allies. We will investigate -- are you going to investigate that, CNN? And former State Department official, remember Jonathan Winer, he is admitting he met with former British spy Christopher Steele. Plus, former State Department official Victoria Nuland, she said that Steele gave the State Department pages of information that she apparently turned over to the FBI.
So, here are the key questions. What did John Kerry know now? When did he know it? And did this information from Steele and Clinton's allies make it to his desk? The House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes, he did send a list of ten key questions about that dossier to former Obama officials, but it's unclear John Kerry is one of them.
Sara Carter will reveal all in a report coming up in mere moments.
And also right now, even more evidence that the fix was in for the FBI's corrupt Clinton email investigation. Tonight, Fox is reporting that that Trump-hating FBI agent Peter Strzok, he was told that Hillary Clinton's private server may have been hacked but then he didn't do anything about it. Just more proof the FBI did not ever at any point conduct a real investigation that the fix was in, and it was very rigged for Hillary Clinton in the beginning.
We do know that Comey and Strzok and others -- they were drafting the exoneration statement months before interviewing Hillary Clinton and 17 other key witnesses. In that exoneration letter, they changed the language that said it was reasonably likely that Clinton's server was hacked and it was possible the server was accessed by hostile, foreign actors. Hm? Maybe Russia.
Think about it for a second. It was previously reported that five foreign actors had hacked Clinton's server. Well, we can guess one of them probably has to be Russia. Another being China. Possibly Iran? Was it North Korea?
All these people that had access to top-secret material. That means American sources and methods were revealed, which means American lives were then put in danger.
So, Strzok put his personal biases ahead of protecting Americans and American national security while Russia and others were literally looking page by page and stealing our national security secrets. What Strzok did here is beyond the dereliction of duty. It's crime.
Which is why we have to ask, how does Peter Strzok still have a job? And better yet, why isn't he being investigated?
We now have a mountain of evidence of bias and wrongdoing against Peter Strzok and so many others, and this is only new information to add to the list. So, it's time to hold him accountable.
We also have breaking tonight, the Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee Bob Goodlatte and the Chairman of the House Oversight Committee Trey Gowdy, they are making a joint plea to the Department of Justice, I'd like to join them, requesting the Attorney General Jeff Sessions appoint a second special counsel to investigate all this misconduct, all this bias within the Department of Justice and the FBI.
According to the request, the second special counsel would investigate FISA abuses during and after the 2016 election, including why the unvetted, unverified phony Steele dossier, how was it ever able to be used to obtain a warrant against Carter Page? How did that ever happen? As we said so many times on this program, the special counsel is needed. They can't investigate themselves. And it's the Attorney General Jeff Sessions's job, to make this happen.
Finally tonight, after decades of inaction and so much diplomatic failure that resulted in a nuclear armed North Korea, Clinton's bribery, Bill Clinton, didn't work, while I break your potential is on the horizon. Talks between North and South Korea have been progressing and officials in Pyongyang are now reportedly opening -- open to renegotiating the denuclearization in the region.
Of course, the kingdom has also expressed interest in normalizing communication of the United States, has allegedly made offers to end nuclear ballistic missile tests, and, of course, this comes just weeks after the Trump administration enacted tough new sanctions against North Korea and months since President Trump moved a third carrier strike group to the region.
Here's what President Trump had to say about all of these new developments earlier today.
While these revelations may present and represent a potential diplomatic breakthrough, it's unlikely that the United States will hold bilateral direct talks with North Korea until Kim Jong Un gets rid of his nuclear weapons program. I say that move is highly unlikely. Beware.
Joining us now with reaction to all the breaking news tonight, Fox News contributor Sara Carter, NRA TV contributor and former Secret Service agent Dan Bongino, Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett.
Sara, let start with new news, and take it from there.
All right. Let's go to the other news. Peter Strzok -- I mean, this is pretty amazing -- ignore the fact that he knew that Hillary's server was hacked. We know from James Comey. Top-secret, classified, special access program information was all on that server. We had heard five other hostile nations but specifically the reporting in 'The Daily Caller,' Russia, that Russia hacked into it of all nations.
Doesn't that put people's lives in jeopardy?
Let's add to that. He also was the one writing the exoneration of Comey. He also was the guy that interviewed Hillary Clinton just days before they exonerated her. But they were exonerating her months in advance. They never did an investigation.
Dan Bongino, we all watched in horror as this poor guy, Sam Nunberg, is having a meltdown on national TV but you got reporters saying, I smell alcohol on your breath, but they do it at the end of the interview. They don't stop the interview because it's anti-Trump. So, there a political component, using this guy who's incoherent, making contradictory remarks, just because it hurts Trump.
Your reaction?
Sara, and all your reporting, because you first broke that in fact the FISA warrant at Trump Tower had, in fact, taken place, you broke that story in March of last year. We've been following the story ever since.
Can you see any connection to dumpster diving in St. Petersburg, Russia? Do you see any role that perhaps the sex coach/prostitute in jail in Thailand may have had that you missed? I mean, you've fallen down on the job, have you failed our audience?
It's way too slow for my liking but I agree, knowing a lot of what I'm pretty aware is coming, as you do.
He said he was in 2011. I've known Trump all these years. While he was flirting with it, messing around with it, he really had no intention to run.
Let me ask you, Dan Bongino, last question. When the server is breached and Peter Strzok an FBI agent knows it, and you have top secret classified special access program information on it, people's lives were put in jeopardy and he didn't do his job. What should happen?
Well, they started writing the exoneration in May. I don't think our friends on the left care about the rule of law anymore.
All right, guys. Thank you, all. We appreciate it.
When we come back, the one and only Roger Stone -- if you haven't seen his show on Netflix, an expose on him, you got to watch it. It's very entertaining.
We'll get to that and much more straight ahead.
Did Russia give you this information or anybody associated with Russia?
You did not get this information about the DNC, John Podesta's emails, can you tell the American people 1,000 percent you did not get it from Russia or anyone associated with Russia?
That was WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange back in January 2017 when we went to the Ecuadorian embassy in Great Britain, denying allegations that Russia gave him hacked Democratic emails. The mainstream media will stop at nothing to try and tie President Trump and his associates to all things Russia. Well, now, they're turning their attention to longtime Republican strategist, former Trump advisor, Roger Stone.
One headline from 'VICE News' reads: Why Roger Stone could be Mueller's next target in the Russia probe.
Here to respond is the man himself, former Trump campaign adviser, Republican strategist. He got a full feature for himself on Netflix.
Roger Stone, how are you, sir?
I appreciate you being back.
Let's start with Sam Nunberg, Apparently a protege of yours. I thought he was exploited. It looked like something was wrong. I don't know him that well, I don't know him really at all, it didn't seem right. He seemed incoherent, contradicting himself.
What was your reaction as someone who knows him?
In advance of their release.
Ever? You'd never -
OK. Have you been subpoenaed by Robert Mueller?
Let me ask you this then.
11 years --
11 years they've never gotten a thing wrong. That is a far better track records than the three major networks, MSNBC, CNN, 'Washington Post' and the New York Times. Not once that I have ever seen that they get it wrong.
We all know that Peter Strzok apparently knew that Hillary's server in fact had been infiltrated by the Russians. Is it possible that maybe Julian Assange had sources? Up to five foreign intelligence agencies would have had access to her e-mails. Is it possible he got it from one source and the Russians did had it? Is it possible everybody had it, because she went to a mom and pop shop bathroom and broke the law and committed felonies in the process of not handling classified information the way it should have been handled?
Good point.
Well-said. What is your relationship like with the President? A lot -- I've always said to people, Donald Trump is his own man. Anyone that tells you any different doesn't know Donald Trump. He makes his own mind up.
Last question. This is personal between you and me. You said once that I was lobbying to be in the Trump administration. I never lobbied ever, nor would I have ever taken or did I talk to anybody about it. You remember saying that?
All right. No problem. Roger, listen, I'm just waiting till I get my own Netflix two-hour special. That would be a big day for me. Congratulations.
All right. Good to see you. Thank you. When we come back, Ed Henry. Big news. President Trump's battle against California's sanctuary state policies. Jesse Watters and Jessica Tarlov on some Democrats would have known ties with the anti-Semite racist Louis Farrakhan, straight ahead.
All right. Big breaking news on President Trump's fight against California's sanctuary policies. Here with more, Fox news chief national correspondent, Ed Henry. What's happening?
All right. Thanks for that report. We appreciate it Ed Henry, the daily caller, they have an explosive record on at least seven house Democrats that have direct ties to the nation of Islam leader, Louis Farrakhan, the known racist, known anti-Semite. Listen to what Farrakhan recently said in Chicago.
Joining us now, co-host of 'The Five', and the host of 'Watter's World' Jesse Watters and Fox News contributor Jessica Tarlov. Whose world is it going to be this week? We have to wait and see.
There was a photograph that recently was revealed and never came out in 2008. And that was with Barack Obama and Louis Farrakhan. It was a congressional black caucus event. The person that took was asked to hide that photo before the election. That photo would hurt Barack Obama's chances of winning?
God teaches me the white man is the skunk of the planet earth.
How do you make the case he didn't know Reverend Wright when he was in the pews for 20 years? Can you just admit that when he distanced himself for Wright that was for political expediency? Just be honest.
He really liked Reverend Wright's church but he can't admit it publicly?
So you assumed he agreed with Reverend Wright?
What if Jesse Watters, the guy next to you there, what if he hung out with somebody that the Sunday after 9/11 said America's chickens have come home to roost, not god bless America, G.D. America? What would you think of Jesse?
I got a question. What if Donald Trump started his political career in a home of an unrepentant domestic terrorist and he wished he did more in terms of involve in the Pentagon bombing, New York City police headquarters in the capital and he wish he did more? What would you think of Donald Trump starting his political career in that person's house?
I had her on the ropes.
And forget all his friends.
Black unemployment is down dramatically. We had an eight years in Obama, millions more black Americans, Hispanics Americans and poverty and on food stamps.
So his policies are all ears, millions more on poverty and on food stamp, wait a minute. So his policies failed the black community.
It's Bush's fault.
If the dog bites, the bee stings and your feelings sad.
Let's go with Monica Lewinsky.
I can't wait to read Vanity Fair. I will go grab my copy.
I hate to say it? Winner?
Jesse World, you live in it.
Sean Spicer and Joe Concha next.
So according to the media research centers analysis of the January and February evening news casts on ABC, CBS, MSNBC, coverage on President Trump was 91 percent negative. Shocking. Here with reaction, former White House press secretary Sean Spicer and from the Hill Joe Concha. You are the number's guy Joe I will start with you.
So 91 percent is almost everything negative.
48 percent in Zogby, 49 percent in Rasmussen. So I haven't check today or the last couple of days.
I mean this numbers keep going up. It seems to me that people are now adjusting -- Donald Trump is a little different. His a disrupter. I think they like it and it will help him in the re-election. Things have gotten so bad -- I've watched you battle that idiot over at fake news, Acosta. If they want to call him a journalist, this is the same network that we saw go dumpster diving in St. Petersburg Russia and now they went to a jail in Thailand to interview a sex coach prostitute thinking they're going to crack open the Trump collusion story. Sean Spicer.
Well-said. Last word.
Well said. Video of the day next.
One Virginia man found out that his son got in trouble for bullying. He came up with an interesting punishment. That is our video of the day.
he is going to drive snowflakes crazy. Time for a quick Hannity hotline.
You are right, I'm sorry. Bad host. Kidding. Anything to say, 8772258587. We will always be fair and balance, let not your heart be troubled. Laura Ingraham.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 21  ***************************************************
 
show#: 22  ***************************************************
 
show#: 23  ***************************************************
 Excuse me, in the case of Leeann Tweeden, there's the evidence. It's all there. Franken is not even denying it.
It just shows how low the mainstream media, Democrats are willing to go to defend people that suit their ideology, like Franken. And what the mainstream media won't tell you is that Franken has been sick and twisted for years.
For example, he was on "Saturday Night Live", 1995. He suggested a skit about drugging and raping Lesley Stahl of "60 Minutes". He said, "I give the pills to Lesley Stahl, then when Lesley's passed out, I take her to the closet and rape her. Or, that's why you never see Lesley until February. Or, when she passes out, I put her in various positions and take pictures of her." It's creepy. It's supposed to be funny.
And in 2000, Franken, he wrote a satirical article for Playboy magazine. The headline, "Porn-O-Rama". The vast majority of what Franken wrote, we can't even repeat on TV, but in one part, Franken wrote "I'm talking of course about the internet, which is a terrific learning tool. For example, a couple of years ago when he was 12, my son, he used the internet for a sixth grade report on bestiality."
Then in 2008 when Franken was running for the Senate, he actually apologized for the comments we just showed you. But it turns out Franken was lying. How do we know? Because in his new book, Franken says he faked the apologies in order to win votes. He writes, "To say I was sorry for writing a joke was to sell out my career, to sell out who I've been my entire life, and I wasn't sorry. When I had written Porn-o-Rama or pitched that stupid Lesley Stahl joke at 2 in the morning, I was just doing my job." His apologies aren't real.
Then there is the Clintons. Now, for those of you in the mainstream media, pay attention. Why is this important? Because for 30 years -- 30 -- Democrats on behalf of the Clintons have smeared, slandered, besmirched, victim shamed anyone and everyone who dared to tell what turned out to be the truth about Bill Clinton. And the media has always been their willing accomplices in and out this. They have been complicit up to and including through last year.
The only reason now some in the political world are finally just starting to acknowledge what Clinton did is because Bill and Hillary Clinton are no longer important. So now that it's politically expedient, now that they can't hurt them, the Clintons that is, members of the media -- even some, but only some -- are only beginning to start to call out the deplorable behavior. So it's not about principle for them, it's about, well, from 1991 until 2016, the media defends the Clintons on everything regardless of how damaging or disgraceful the allegations were and, well, they can do it now. They can say maybe it wasn't right, but I believe Juanita.
Really? Every one of those women, they're misremembering, Hillary? Well, what happened to believing? As Hillary told us in an election year, women, when they do come forward. Remember this.
Right to be believed. You are with them? Does Hillary Clinton really think that the women who have accused her husband of sexual misconduct and even rape, that they're actually misremembering what Bill did to them? Hillary herself orchestrated a campaign to discredit and destroy all of them.
And here's what the media said about the Clinton's accusers just last year during the election. Take a look.
Pretty despicable.
Now fast forward, one year, 2017, despite this come-to-Jesus moment from some on the left, well, some are still today Clinton sympathizers in the press and the Democratic Party. They'll never give it up. Watch this.
We got a new left-wing talking point, that Bill Clinton paid the price for his sins. Now, the Clintons treated Bill's accusers horribly, systematically did everything they could do to publicly shame them and smear them and slander them.
In '92 during the presidential primaries, Gennifer Flowers revealed she had a 12-year affair with Bill Clinton. The Clinton campaign, remember they had a war room, bimbo eruptions. They sprung into action to attack all to attack Flowers.
And then Bill and Hillary, they show up on "60 Minutes." They denied the charges and went after Flowers' character. And the media, they never took it seriously. How do we know? Take a look at this clip from the documentary "The War Room." It shows how the press, the liberal media in this country actually reacted to a question during that Flowers' press conference. Watch them laugh.
That's the media laughing. What do they find so funny? Now to further smear Flowers, Hillary told Vanity Fair the following. Well, "If we'd been in front of a jury, I'd say, Ms. Flowers, isn't it true you were asked by the AP in June of 1990 and you said no? Weren't you asked by the Arkansas Democrat and you said no? I mean, I would crucify her."
Really, Hillary? Crucify her? What happened to believing her? Women have a right to be believed.
Then in Carl Bernstein's book about Hillary, well, he writes that Clinton would refer to Gennifer Flowers as trailer trash. Bill Clinton later admitted to having a sexual relationship with Flowers and he admitted it only when he was under oath.
Next up, Paula Jones. She accused Bill Clinton of exposing himself in a hotel room and after filing a lawsuit against him, Clinton ended up paying Jones $850,000 with an out-of-court settlement. And in a related case, Clinton lost his law license in Arkansas for five years. The Clinton machine also went vicious after Jones, according to The New York Times and fake news CNN and other outlets, longtime Clinton ally, CNN pundit for awhile James Carville, remember, infamously said this about Jones, "If you drag $100 bill through a trailer park, you never know what you'll will find." And Carville also slammed Jones by saying that she only sued Clinton because of money.
Then of course there's Monica Lewinsky, the White House intern that had an affair with Bill Clinton. And just like the other accusers, well, Hillary had a nasty nickname for Lewinsky. According to a journal entry that was made public, Hillary's friend Diane Blair said Hillary called Lewinsky a "narcissistic Loony Tune".
And yet Kathleen Willey, she accused Bill Clinton in the Oval Office of groping and grabbing and fondling and touching and kissing her all against her will, while she was a volunteer at the White House. Willey later said that Hillary enabled her husband's predatory behavior.
And of course we can't forget Juanita Broaddrick. She alleged that Bill Clinton raped her in 1978. Broaddrick also describes an encounter where Hillary tried to silence her.
Well, that's who the Clintons are, who they've always been. What they did to these women is reprehensible. Clinton's 1992 presidential campaign came up with the term bimbo eruptions to describe the women who came forward and made accusations against Bill.
George Stephanopoulos wrote in his memoir that in '91 Hillary said, "We have to destroy her," when describing one of Bill's accusers. And speaking of George, watch how he handled one person who threatened to leak information about Bill Clinton to the press. Watch this.
"Good Morning America." You'll never work again, you'll be embarrassed, blah, blah, blah. This is who the Clintons are, this is who they've been for 30 years. Their allies in the Democratic Party, their friends in the media, they knew it. They did everything they could to cover it up and completely trash Bill's accusers up to and including last year's election. Is that inexcusable?
The media also never reported that Hillary and her family foundation -- I talked about it a lot last year -- took tens of millions of dollars from countries that abuse women, kill gays and lesbians, persecute Christians and Jews which is horrible. She took all of that money.The Clintons literally by taking it endorsed that repressive behavior. They bought her silence and the media of course all last year, they gave him a free pass.
Now, so while it's nice to see that some on the left and the media now that Clintons have no power, are only starting to admit how horrible the Clintons were to Bill's accusers, I argue it's a little too little too late.
Here with reaction, CRTV Host, Michelle Malkin, former deputy assistant to the president, Fox News national security strategist Sebastian Gorka.
All right, Dr.Gorka?
All right, Dr. Gorka, we're going to keep Michelle so I want to get you one more quick question here. What happens, how do you ascertain - - Charlie Rose is admitting it, Franken, we have the picture, some cases you have evidence, Clintons over time were revealed that these things that had happened. What to do when it is he said, she said? How do people ascertain the difference in an environment where allegations are flying, some people deny them, say it didn't happen?
Right.
Dr. Gorka, thank you for being with us. Michelle, we'll continue with you. More coming up on the sexual misconduct scandals rocking liberal America tonight. And later, John Solomon, Sara Carter have bombshell new reports. Huge news tonight about Uranium One.
You can go to my Twitter, @seanhannity. We want to hear from you. Is it time for the Clintons to apologize to the American people, what they have done, and what their surrogates have done, what the media has done for the past 30 years? More "Hannity" after this.
And welcome back to "Hannity." New allegations all across the media tonight. Sexual misconduct.
Joining us now with more reaction, Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett, trial attorney Rebecca Rose Woodland, and we continue with CRTV host Michelle Malkin.
You know, in some cases you've got evidence, and some cases you have apologies and admissions, in some cases you have he said, she said. Take the Franken case, that picture for example. That doesn't mean everything else the people said are true, but it speaks volumes. It speaks volumes about -- who makes a joke about raping and drugging people?
What's funny about that? Nothing.
That picture is a crime?
I think America tonight, I think they're shocked by the abuse of power aspects of all of this. And I think also people are trying to figure out, you know, what's true, what's not true. When people apologize and admit their behavior, Rose did that tonight. In the case of Franken, he seemed to admit at least partial -- some of it. How do you -- you're an attorney. You deal with some of these cases.
Are most allegations true?
No, I'm asking you. I mean --
-- are all of them true?
I agree with that.
One of the dumbest people on T.V.
Michelle?
Sentiments too.
Very much. All right. Thank you all. Great insight from all of you. When we come back, and explosive report. John Solomon, Sara Carter, they have just released a new bombshell report about uranium one. They will break it here. Later, will also talk with Newt Gingrich, busy news night on "Hannity."
Breaking news tonight, the Hills John Solomon, investigative reporter Sara Carter, they released bombshell reports equally tonight. Solomon reporting according to the memos obtained, the FBI informant that now has had his NDA lifted at the center of this case gathered years and years of evidence of Russia's plot to control U.S. Nuclear fuel, which included the uranium one deal. And Sara Carter reporting that she has received a treasure trove of documents that in fact prove tonight the FBI informant has knowledge of Russia's involvement in uranium one. Also joining us now is the attorney for the FBI informant, Victoria Toensing along with John and Sara. Sara, let's start with your report. A treasure trove, that is huge.
John, you go into extensive detail in a very long and hard hitting piece tonight and revealing piece, how the FBI informant -- you actually said six years, I thought he was only an informant for four years. He has evidence, was on the inside, directly from Putin's Russia, the push for nuclear fuel deals, and all the crimes we talked about, bribery, kickback, extortion, money laundering, racketeering, all knelt corroborating and will be corroborated even further. Go into your report.
All right. I got a very high ranking Congressman and that knows, let us put it that way, and actually sent me a note. The knowledge of key administration officials will be the next thing proven by both of you, and the links to the Clinton foundation. Sara, is that true?
Do believe or you know? I can't ask Victoria that question because she won't tell me.
When you say follow the money, my suspicion would go to the money came directly from Russia, was funneled through the Canadian donors to the Clinton foundation. How good are my instincts?
But it is beginning to cascade Sara.
John, I want her to respond to the same thing, that the Clinton foundation, that this will be traced back to high-ranking Obama administration officials and the Clinton foundation, and if you add the money portion Sara mentioned?
All right. We have a lot of time in the segment so I want to go very slowly here. Both of you, before I get to Victoria, Sara and John, you both in your pieces said 5,000 documents. I hear the number the FBI informant is much, much greater, tens of thousands. True or false?
Now let me go to Victoria. One of the great attorneys. She is the most difficult to get any information out of. Victoria, one of the things I've known about you, and I've interviewed you so many times over the years, you now have been doing a deep dive into all of this. You are now representing this FBI informant. I think they will become an American hero out of all of this, but apparently he was fighting and begging and pleading and saying the Russians are here, they are doing this, why are you paying attention? I hope my instincts are right there, and number two, how devastating it legally is this going to be based on what I was just asking Sara and John about impacting former Obama officials, money, Clinton foundation?
Explain CFIUS, 13 agencies, I am sorry 9 agencies approving the deal that gave control of uranium one to the bad actor, hostile regime, Putin Russia.
He was one of the nine.
Back to my original question, counselor, if I may. You are too good at your job. This is a very serious point. Putting your legal hat on, objectively speaking, yes they knew, the evidence will prove it based on the documents and your client, crimes committed on a high level? National security compromise?
Always we go back, and I believe at the end of this you guys deserve a Pulitzer, and I'm not the only one thinking that. You have dug so deep on this, this has been a deep dive and I applaud you both. I want to ask as it relates to who knew what, and when. What did they know, when did they know it, John Solomon? I'm talking about Obama, Mueller, Eric Holder, and Hillary Clinton.
President daily briefings were told. Had this information in it before CFIUS approves this.
And Obama and Holder and Mueller? John, real quick, we are running out of time.
All right. Victoria, we get the last word from you, laws broken?
You are so good at your job. You are so annoyingly good. The American people deserve the truth varied our security was compromised, we import uranium, because we don't have enough. Newt Gingrich will weigh in on this and more things and about the Clintons. Are they facing their day of reckoning? And a big announcement at the end of the show.
Joining us now as we continue on "Hannity," the author of the best-selling book vengeance. Former Speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich. If you have this incredible perspective. I'm making an argument tonight that 30 years of the Clintons, and 30 years of smearing and slandering those women, now the reckoning of the Clintons coming. They came on the national scene in 1990, 1991, and now the Clintons can't do anything for the Democrats anymore. As I'm looking at them as a Party, I'm saying when is the day of reckoning? She took all this money from countries that abuse women, kills gay and lesbian and persecute Christians and Jews. It's kind of insulting to one's intelligence isn't it?
How do we ever ascertain truth, he said, she said, it becomes very difficult, if you believe in the presumption of innocence?
Duke Lacrosse.
The new developments and I, I know you've read this article, you had an FBI informant in there -- may be as long as six years we are discovering. Thousands of pages of documents available and that in fact they knew that Vladimir Putin had purposely set out with agents involved in criminal activity, bribes, extortion, money laundering, kickbacks, racketeering, that we had an informant that knew all of this was happening, wasn't reporting back to the FBI and apparently was even in Obama's Presidential daily briefing. This is before CFIUS ended up getting the nine department approval, including Hillary's state and Eric Holder's justice, and allowed this deal to go through, which on the surface never made sense. 20 percent of America uranium in the hands of a bad actor, a hostile regime, Putin and Russia.
I agree. Last question. The President, while he is in China, gets these four or three UCLA basketball players out and then the father of one of the kids, makes the statement he didn't do much. You steal in China, you can go to jail for years, so the President says may be edge have left you there. I'm thinking, that is pretty ungrateful, isn't it, that the father -- if it was my son I would say sir, thank you for standing up for my father, I will handle whatever it was they did wrong with myself at home, but thank you. This could have been a potential disaster in his life. There are people in the corrupted news media in this country tonight that are saying what the President tweeted is racism, because he basically said maybe I should have left them in jail.
Just thank you, sir, for what you did for my son, I will take care of the stupidity of what he might have been involved in. Simple. Mr. Speaker, good to see you. Thank you for being with us. And when we come back, a big announcement about a "Hannity" investigation. Let me put it this way, if you have been covering for the Clintons, you're not going to like this. Straight ahead.
All right. Welcome back to "Hannity." Before we go tomorrow night, you don't want to miss this show. We will be exposing the biggest enablers, 30 years of Bill Clinton's predatory behavior. We're going to name names. Something you'll only see here, tight here in the show. That is all the time we have left this evening, we made a promise to you. We'll never be the mainstream left wing, fake news destroy Trump media. We hope you set your DVR so you never miss an episode of "Hannity."
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 24  ***************************************************
 But first, in the midst of tragedy, the rush to politicize the worst shooting in American history is shameful. Now, the left has no shame and that is tonight's very, very important live opening monologue.
So, in the wake of the worst mass shooting in American history, President Trump, he offered his deepest condolences and he addressed the nation about this tragedy earlier today and here is what he said.
Now, President Trump also held a moment of silence at the White House for the victims of this Vegas shooting and he plans to go visit the city Wednesday after traveling to Puerto Rico, that is scheduled for tomorrow.
Now while the president is trying to console the nation and offer support to the city of Las Vegas and the country, the media, Democrats, have rushed to politicize this tragedy in an absolutely despicable display.
Let's take a look right there at the side of your screen -- we must warn you the images you are watching, they are heartbreaking, horrifying, lives shatter, dreams destroyed. Now, some of these victims are still in the hospital clinging to life. We still don't have all the facts. You know what, bodies weren't even in the morgue yet. Parents were at hospitals with their kids that are hanging onto life.
None of this mattered to the left in this country. Their impulse to politicize this tragedy as they do other tragedies is beyond the pale. They are using this tragedy, why? To score cheap political points and push a gun-control agenda. Don't believe me? Watch this.
Now, this isn't bad, and I've looked at some of the tweets, look at the statements coming from Democrats calling again for gun control just within hours after the massacre happened. This is so shameful. Elizabeth Warren, "Thoughts and prayers, they (ph) are NOT enough. Not when moms and dads will bury kids this week and more sons and daughters will grow up without parents."
Nancy Pelosi, she's out there calling on Speaker Paul Ryan to create a select committee to examine gun violence in America. Hillary Clinton, she took things further, going after the NRA. Here's what she tweeted. Quote, "Our grief isn't enough. We can and must put politics aside and stand up to the NRA and work together to try and stop all of this from happening again." Beyond disgusting, inappropriate and pathetic.
Now, Clinton weighed in less than nine hours after the shooting and went deep into the gutter of politics she said she doesn't want to play. Here is my question. Do they have any decency? Any thoughts about the families? We don't know the details yet. But this is their initial impulse. Keep watching, the images on the side of your screen tonight. As anyone on the left criticized Hillary or other Democrats for making this point? I don't see it.
Imagine if the president today brought up the Second Amendment. How would the news media in this country have reacted? We don't know the motivation of this lunatic. We know it was premeditated, we know it's evil, I could make a hundred different arguments if it wasn't a gun it would be a car or a bomb or whatever. The only thing the Democrats should be focused on tonight, the country needs to be focused on, the victims that are in the hospital, their families and the investigation, because we don't have facts.But instead, they couldn't even wait a half a day to play politics. Shameful.
And members of the media, they are also going directly after the victims. Liberal CNN Jeff Zeleny suggests that the only person President Trump is -- the only reason he's going to Vegas is because the victims in the audience may have been his supporters. Really? That's pretty twisted and very sick. Watch.
And sadly, it gets even worse. A top lawyer for CVS was fired earlier today after writing on Facebook, listen to this, quote, "If they wouldn't do anything when children were murdered, I have no hope that Republicans will ever do the right thing. I'm actually," -- listen to this -- "not even sympathetic [because] country music fans are often Republican gun toters."
Wow! This has nothing to do about which party you support. Those were Americans that were shot, those are Americans fighting for their lives. These tragedies happened under Democratic presidents, too. You don't believe me? Look at the mass shootings where eight or more died under President Bill Clinton, including Columbine High School. And here's all the mass shootings using the same metrics that happened under President Obama, if you are so desperate to play politics. You also have the Washington Navy Yard and Sandy Hook, also the shooting at Fort Hood.
These were all tragedies. The people that carry out these acts are despicable, deranged and evil. You know what? The right didn't do what Bill Clinton did after the Oklahoma City bombing and blame talk radio and fertilizer. And guess what? We didn't blame Barack Obama for tragedies that happen on his watch. My main criticism was him not identifying radical Islamic terrorism when it was so obvious and true.
Exploiting this shooting is pathetic. It's the most pathetic thing that Democrats in the media is doing right now. Yet every single time something like this takes place, they rush to judgment without facts, immediately calling for stricter gun control. The lack of sympathy for the families that the media won't show and the left isn't showing, speaks volumes. And it's not surprising. If you watch TV all weekend, they are doing the exact same thing when it comes to the recovery efforts in Puerto Rico.
The island was pounded, a category five, 200 mile-per-hour winds. They had two hurricanes, all the infrastructure, the electrical grid, their water, their power, their cell service all knocked out. Airports, roads almost impassible around the whole country. And instead of focusing on the Trump administration's, their valiant efforts to help those people in need, well, the media ignored all the facts on the ground and they again try to use a natural disaster to, what? Hurt the president. Politicize it. Destroy the president. Politicize it, bring up race, anything else they could. Watch this.
CNN's comments beyond the pale. Politicians literally doing nothing to help accept politicize politicizing tragedy. What you just heard couldn't be further from the truth. Again, look at images we are showing you and we got to warn you, these images are disturbing. The federal government is on the ground, had been on the ground helping, supplies were there on the ground and they were prepositioned before the storm hit.
They are not telling you that story. And the Trump administration is working nonstop to help these people that are all in need and need all of our help. After unrelenting attacks from the media, the White House press secretary Sarah Sanders, she tried to set the record straight -- not that they want the truth -- earlier today about the recovery efforts, in other words, the truth about what is happening, take a look at this.
Does that sound like Katrina? Does that sound like racism? The same thing that happened with Hurricane Harvey and Irma, it's happening in Puerto Rico. And the Trump administration also Wednesday of last week, they sent a three star general to the island. You got thousands of troops on the ground, they are now directing the entire hurricane response. Those are the facts, but the media, they won't tell you the truth, they don't care about the truth. It doesn't fit their political narrative. Democrats don't seem to care either. Take a look at the conspiracy theory Senator Bernie Sanders, what he tried to say about President Trump and Puerto Rico. Again, beyond disgusting.
The rush to politicize a tragedy, allowing people like the mayor of San Juan to attack the president without being challenged at all, which, by the way, look at this video. The mayor of San Juan appears to be more interested in doing television interviews than she is in helping people on the ground. There's also this headline from the Washington Examiner, Neighboring mayor praises the president, says that San Juan mayor -- who supported Hillary -- is playing politics and didn't even show up for the FEMA meetings.
So, not only is the San Juan mayor not telling the truth about the president, she is skipping all of these important meetings. And for the record, the governor of Puerto Rico is also saying the Trump administration has been doing a phenomenal job in their response.
Why do the liberal mainstream media lie to you all week? Why don't they want to tell the truth to the American people, why did they lie? Why are they advancing an agenda? They should make you wonder, are they really interested in helping people or would they rather just play politics when so many people are suffering, need our support, our help, our prayers?
Joining us now, America first action spokesman senior advisor, former Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke and the Make America Great Again coalition strategist, former deputy assistant to the President, Sebastian Gorka.
Gentlemen, let me start with you, Dr. Gorka, what is your response to this impulse to politicize?
Yes.
The blood is red, Dr. Gorka. The blood is red. I don't care about your politics. You know what? Look at these pictures, Sheriff Clarke. You've got a field, everybody scattered and the only people left have blood all over their bodies. You know, look at people racing, running, you see images of people literally getting people out that are injured. You can see an image of a woman pushing a man in a wheelchair.
You see a group of young people where -- there's the wheelchair picture of young man trying to protect their girlfriends or parents trying to protect their young children. You see all of this in the midst of the worst -- and I remember this on 9/11, Sheriff, in the midst of the worst moment. You've got the police, that's right. The ones that are so criticized so often by the left in this country.
They were running upstairs while everybody was running downstairs. Listen to this police scanner video, Sheriff. And how they went up to the 32nd floor, knowing there is a guy up there firing a machine gun, not knowing if they would be the next victim, listen to this.
Sheriff, I hear that and I'm like every one of those guys could have died! And we don't even get cops in this country the right that they are innocent until proven guilty. You know, we rush to judgment in Ferguson, we rushed to judgment in Florida, Trayvon Martin, we rushed to judgment in Ferguson and the Cambridge police act stupidly.
Sheriff, your response, those kinds are heroes, the people that were helping other people are heroes in the midst of the worst mass now shooting in American history and it is all politicized.
You know, later in the program, Dr. Gorka, two friends of mine were performing on that stage about an hour before all hell broke loose. My buddy John Rich, Big and Rich and Kia Jones was there. They do something that they do in every single show and that is they invite the military. And the crowd was singing God Bless America. And you've got somebody from CBS, oh, they are probably Trump supporters. You know what, I don't care if they die or not. I don't even know how to address that type of insanity or that mindset. I don't understand that. Maybe you can help?
Yes.
Right. It's unbelievable.
We came together after 9/11!
These people need our help, love, prayers, support. When we come back, I'm going to show you this video. About an hour prior to this horrible shooting, and you will hear from eyewitnesses running for their life last night. We will talk about that more, stay with us.
Fifty nine dead, 527 injured. Those are some of the eyewitnesses last night's massacre in Las Vegas.
Joining us now Jennifer Burn and Taylor Benge, and they both witnessed the shooting last night. Jennifer, let's start with you. Tell us where you where, tell us what happened, tell us what you saw.
So, it's got to be terrifying, the moment you realize what's actually happening here. Taylor, tell us your story.
Oh, man!
You mean he literally had gotten hit in the chin in the face?
You know, when we show these images and these still pictures, the field clears and then you saw people racing out in the middle to help all of those people that were injured, maybe fatally, they didn't know when they were helping them, did you also see that part going on?
You just hear it, it's chilling, beyond chilling. Jennifer, when you finally recognized what was actually happened here and you looked out and you saw what was happening and people scattering, what did you see?
All right.
Yes.
Uh-hm. Jennifer, Taylor, thanks for sharing your story with our audience, sorry you both have to go through that and our thoughts and prayers obviously with the families as I'm sure many parents now with their kids in the hospitals and they don't know the outcome of this yet.
Here now with more about an hour just before this happened, country music superstars, longtime friend of mine, John Rich, he was on with "Big & Rich." And also, recording artist Kia Jones.
John, you, "Big & Rich" always honors the military in your shows. A little over an hour before all of this went down you took to the stage. You honor the military you invite people on. Take it from there, what do you ask the audience to do -- I got the video and I'm going to show it in the second?
Kaya, just so happens that you were on the stage with John, Big Kenny and John Rich at the time, Big and Rich. Let me show some of this to the audience so they can actually see this in here for themselves.
Pretty amazing moment and all these concerts, John. We've been friends forever, Kaya, you've got to participate in that last night. Tell us what that was like for you.
Yes, you know John, I don't want to drag you into the politics of all of this, when people sing God bless America, we love our country. Nobody that goes to your concerts, I'm showing the video now of all the nearly 30,000 people holding up their cell phones in unison there. Those are Americans. I've been on the road when Lee Green would sings God bless the USA. Look at that, every single person has a light on. It's not Democrat, Republican, liberal or conservative. A lawyer for CBS, I have no sympathy for Vegas victims, they are probably Republicans. Let me just played as a little bit, let the audience take this in.
John, that is an hour before this happened. An hour!
I got goose bumps.
We really don't. We don't even know the outcome for a lot of these families. Kaya, we will give you the last word. I've still been getting goose bumps all over looking at that video. Heartbreaking story as Kenny just told. That John has told.
I have a tweet from a teacher. Pray that only Trump-tards die. Seriously?
Where his or her soul to tweet that out! You are both good friends. That wasn't an amazing moment an hour before. Unbelievable, we have a lot more news, our reporters on the ground in Vegas and we are awaiting a police conference on this very issue straight ahead.
A Fox News alert and we are awaiting a police news conference on the very latest out of the Vegas massacre, now 59 people are dead, 527 injured and this is now the worst mass shooting in American history. Authorities now still searching for a motive for the very latest on the shooting investigation, Fox News chief intelligence correspondent Catherine Herridge. Catherine, it seems there's got to be a reason why this man would act this way. We don't seem to know it yet.
Unbelievable, All right Catherine, thank you.
We will monitor every hour of the day here on the Fox News channel. Now on the ground from the University Medical Center in Vegas, I'm sure people are fighting for their lives. Fox News chief correspondent Jonathan Hunt. Jonathan, what is going on? Many people injured there.
Thoughts and prayers with these families. I know they are probably clinging to hope and prayer at this hour and god bless the surgeons and all these hospital personnel for what they've done. Jonathan, thank you so much. Also on the ground outside of Vegas City hall is Fox News correspondent Claudia Cowan, what's going on there, Claudia?
All right guys, thank you both, thank you Claudia and all of you for being with us. We are going to show you Big and Rich and that entire crowd one hour before that massacre. Laura Ingraham weighs in next.
That powerful video, powerful moment, a little over one hour, the whole crowd, Big and Rich were playing on stage in Vegas, every single person, nearly 30,000 people there, holding up their cell phones and singing "God bless America." Yet some people think I hope they're all Trump people that died, unbelievable, the politicizing of this event. If also awaiting a police news conference for the very latest news and information. As soon as they come to the podium we will bring it to live. Joining us now, the upcoming host of the Ingram Angle, that will be following this show, Laura Ingraham. I look at that video, just hit me so hard.
529, there has to be a lot of them fighting for their lives.
Don't cry, you will make me cry. And I made a rule that I will not cry on TV.
You were kind enough to join me when I did the freedom concerts. God bless the USA.
That is what I saw, I mean look at that picture! They are not Republicans, Democrats, Conservatives and liberals at that moment, they were all singing God bless their country, they just honor the military.
One of the things that really stuck with me as I look at that and then I looked at the politicizing of this and then I look at CBS lawyer, no sympathy for Vegas victims.
They are probably Republicans. Or white Trump supporters are being killed, that was a tweet, a teacher actually sending out whatever she sent out about their probably Trump-tards, I hope only Trump-tards are killed.
There were a lot of people that raced immediately to let's talk about guns.
Here is a question, you know God forbid -- I've always been a believer you've got to prepare to defend yourself. I had gun permits in New York and Rhode Island in California and Alabama and Georgia in my life. I was trained in the use of a firearm by my parents that had connections to law enforcement. And the only thing I say is I played for Sheriff Clarke earlier tonight the police dispatch. The 32nd floor where this guy is. This guy has a machine gun. How are they going to take them on without a weapon? Or if it's happening within a crowd, if they were in San Bernardino, do you want Sean Hannity, who is trained in the safety and use of a firearm in that room? When they drop the clip and they start to reload you have a shot, you have a chance.
The cops had to go up there, didn't they?
The president called it evil.
It's so funny.
In 2004 I wrote a book, Deliver us from evil, defeating despotism, and I talked about the political side of it and people got angry. The previous hundred years of human history when you consider Nazis, fascism, imperial Japan, killing of children in Cambodia. Genocide is going on today. Radical Islam today.
This was evil.
Is it evil galore in people's hearts, and if they desire to kill --
They will find a way.
It sad that in these times people will politicize -- the rush to politicize tragedy.
Amen, we are playing for those families. Laura good to see you. Thank you. Unfortunately that is all the time we have left this evening. Thank you for being with us. We will always be fair and balanced, we are not the destroyed Trump media. We will be in Vegas tomorrow, stay tuned. Continuing coverage and Brian Kilmeade is next.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 25  ***************************************************
 Now, President Trump also outlined that America's number one goal right now is the safety and security of you, the American people, and not foreign nation-building. Watch this.
Now, the president also declared the days of endless military spending in foreign conflicts are over. Take a look.
Not a blank check. President Trump then pressured the countries in the region near Afghanistan it's their time to step up. And they've got to pay their fair share! Take a look.
And (INAUDIBLE) as the commander-in-chief, he's refusing to telegraph our military plans to America's enemies. This is refreshing. Take a look.
Now, after outlining his new plan for Afghanistan, President Trump made a powerful call for unity in America, and of course, he made his opening statement obviously geared at the tragedy in Charlottesville. Take a look at this.
And we're going to have much more later on the program with Newt Gingrich tonight. Plus, tonight we saw the president in governing mode. Now, he has faced an onslaught, as we all know, of unprecedented attacks. And if I had any advice for the president, that, using the power of the pulpit to advance his agenda with a good cadence and tone, and obviously, a good plan that has been studied well -- well, this is now the time for the agenda, the agenda and the agenda. And tonight was at great first step.
The power of that presidential pulpit is beyond description. Now, take out a few missteps that have occurred, and of course, the unrelenting media attacks and Democratic attacks, when you really think about fixing America, the forgotten men and women and keeping us safe and secure, you know what? There are no boundaries to the incredible things that can be done for this country and for the world. What we saw tonight was the president's better self. Now it's time to get to work, especially after Labor Day. Let's not step on this win.
Joining us now is the former U.S. ambassador to the U.N., Fox News contributor John Bolton. Mr. Ambassador, let's start with you, your general impressions. I like a lot of things about that. I don't like nation building. I don't like an unlimited budget. I don't like others not stepping up and doing their part. I don't like the fact that other presidents have telegraphed even pulling out and then people just have to sit and wait, and then they know they're free to go back to their nefarious activities. Your thoughts generally.
Well, I agree with you. There is one good -- piece of good news as it relates to the issue of China, though, Ambassador, and that is when you really think about it -- remember what China has been doing with North Korea. They launch first. They will not be there for them. Remember, they canceled the coal shipment after the president of China met with President Trump.
So apparently, they have a good relationship. Apparently, 30-minute meetings went on for three hours. So there seems to be some hope there.
But I want to go over some of the president's words. You know, he talked about winning a war, obliterating the enemy, empowering generals that are on the ground and soldiers in the field, that you can't make these decisions from Washington. You're not going to telegraph what they do. These partners must contribute. And we're going to blow them away.
And one of my biggest complaints, and he addressed this tonight, is Vietnam, 58,000 of America's greatest die and we pull out because politics. You know, we begin to view war through the prism of politics. The war in Iraq and Afghanistan -- they both were equally politicized. You cannot politicize war, nor do we need to be involved in nation-building. But if we want to defeat radical Islam and we see all these attacks, we better take it seriously there to prevent it from here. I think it's a good strategy.
... and then he put handcuffs on our soldiers!
No, but it's a part of the war on terror. And he addressed that, too. He talked about secure borders. He talked about a policy here at home, which we'll get into all throughout the night.
Ambassador, good to see you. Thank you for being with us.
Joining us now with more reaction to the president's remarks, the host of "War Stories," Lieutenant Colonel Oliver North.
Colonel, you have a couple of Purple Hearts from Vietnam, and I know you lost a lot of friends in Vietnam and you know a lot of people that are buried there at Arlington. So I know this is a raw issue for you because I've watched you give speeches and tear up on the issue. And you're as tough a guy as I'll ever meet in my life and your heart breaks for these families and everybody.
The biggest thing I heard tonight is obliteration, winning, taking the handcuffs off, letting the generals and the guys on the ground decide, and no longer was it going to be about nation-building and no longer are we going to have these ridiculous rules of engagement.
Colonel, I send you a -- every time you've been on the road in a war zone, you and I have a special code we send back and forth, which is totally mean on my part. We'll save it between us.
Let me ask you this. When the president talked about going against his own instinct based on what he learned and who he spoke to and the things that you can only know and learn as president -- some people would say, Oh, that's -- he's changing his position. I don't see it that way at all. I think it's the reality of what we're facing.
Then every one of my military friends was writing me ecstatic tonight, those that served, especially under Obama. You know, oh, we're not going to telegraph? We're going to take the handcuffs off? The rules of engagement are going to be on? You mean we can actually fight a war and not get accused of murdering the enemy when they're coming with an IED or some type of explosive device to kill us?
Hey, Colonel...
Listen, I know your love of the military and I've been out on the road with you and in hospitals with you, so I know your commitment is beyond anybody I know. This I think is important, though. Why would any president, in the case of Obama, ever telegraph what we're going do? He's not saying how many troops. He's not saying what he's going do. He's just promised overwhelming use of military force, decisions made on the ground as necessary by the people that know best!
Oh, I know that.
You mean paid.
Yes, covert operations. Plausible deniability. Right.
Perfect!
Colonel...
There are people serving jail terms now. Clint Morantz (ph) is one name that comes to mind. And before he became a platoon leader, Clint Morantz was tasked with dealing with a platoon that had previously in the prior week or two lost people that were their brothers, literally right before, the same method that had been used, guys on motorcycles with explosive devices charging the troops, wouldn't listen, wouldn't stop. He has to make a split-second decision. Well, he's now spending time in jail, this guy, 20 years!
And that's the kind of guy I'd like to see get a pardon.
Yes. You're right.
All right, Colonel, good to see you. And safe home. And promise continues for this appearance, even though you're not in a war zone. Safe home, friend. Thank you.
When we come back -- when we come back, Michael Waltz, Tony Shaffer, Tony Tata -- they all react to President Trump's Afghanistan strategy.
Then later tonight, Newt Gingrich is here. My opening monologue coming up straight ahead.
That was more from President Trump earlier tonight. Joining us now on the phone -- he's calling in to us -- the Afghanistan ambassador to the U.S., Hamdullah Mohib, is with us. Sir, I'm glad you're watching. And I'm dying to hear your thoughts. Tell us what you thought of the president's speech tonight.
Ambassador, that includes Afghanistan stepping up. That includes Pakistan stepping up. This is -- this is -- you know, we don't have endless patience here and money. To what extent will the region meet their own challenges, sir?
Mr. Ambassador...
The president was very clear. The American people must see progress. It's not going to be unlimited. This is not a blank check, as he said, and you've got to carry the share of the burden. My question to you is, is Afghanistan and will Pakistan bear their fair share? Because the patience if the American people is rather thin right now.
Sir, the only thing I'll say to you -- and I wish you best here with all -- with a humble heart -- that America will help you to build a better country, but this is not about nation-building or changing your way of life, and it's really going to be up to you to sort out a lot of evil that exists in that country.
The Taliban must be destroyed, and you're going to have to bear the burden of the bigger part of that sacrifice as it's your country, your region of the world. Do you understand that? Correct, sir?
All right. Ambassador...
As you know, we believe in America that we are endowed by our creator and all men are created equal. And we pray for your country that it gets to freedom, that people can then flourish to be the people that God intended them to be. We wish you all the best under very difficult circumstances, and yes, we've got to protect our country, and we will. Thank you, sir, for calling in.
Joining us now with reaction, former Green Beret, FOX News contributor Lieutenant Colonel Michael Waltz, former senior intelligence officer Lieutenant Colonel Tony Shaffer, and author of "Besieged," retired brigadier general Tony Tata.
General, what's your take on this?
Oh, as a country, we need to be together. And I thought that was a perfect beginning to his speech because he compared the military to -- clearly, he was referencing the events in Charlottesville and the country being divided in recent weeks.
If I can, Lieutenant Colonel Shaffer, what are your thoughts on all of this? And I really -- I want the people in Afghanistan to have what we have, but this is not endless support here. We're not going to try and change them or change their values, but they're going to have to fight for their freedom. We're trying to assist them as much as we can and we've sacrificed a lot for them.
All right...
Lieutenant Colonel, I didn't have -- we took a little bit more time. We didn't know that the ambassador from Afghanistan was going to call in. What did you think of that exchange that I had with him?
Yes, with the ambassador.
All right, I got to...
All right. Well said. And thank you all for being with us. We appreciate it. We didn't know that the Afghan ambassador, well, he was going to be calling in.
When we come -- live television. When we come back, my monologue, which is important, about tonight and Newt Gingrich straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So peaceful protesters, they gathered in Boston this weekend to stand up against hatred and white supremacy and racism. Now, tonight enough is enough with the left pushing false narratives and divisiveness in this country. And as the president said, it's time to come together as a country. That's tonight's a little delayed opening monologue.
Earlier tonight President Trump, he issued a very powerful call for unity in America after the tragedy in Charlottesville. Was the liberal media watching? Take a look.
Now, this weekend in Boston we saw a massive demonstration to stand up to bigotry and hatred. According to the police, 40,000 people showed up. The vast majority of those people, they were peaceful. Very tiny little violence. The police in Boston, the mayor of the city and the governor of Massachusetts, they deserve a tremendous amount of credit and praise. It was clearly all hands on deck and they were there for the people in their city and state. Everyone involved did their very best to keep the peace and to respect people's First Amendment rights, which is so important to all of us.
And I also want to praise the protesters. Ninety-nine plus percent of those protesters you see right there, tens of thousands of people showing up, they were peaceful. Ninety-nine percent stood up for something that all conservatives that I know, all Republicans I know, and I know the president over the years, despise, find as evil and repugnant, and that's white supremacy.
Now, there was a small handful of bad actors. You're always going to have people like that looking for trouble and who are looking to start fights, and they went after the police. But the police and the people in the crowd, they didn't let those few agitators, less than one percent, create chaos. And this is what we should do now as a country.
But of course the exact opposite happened last week when the media used the tragedy in Charlottesville, why, to bludgeon the president politically and conservatives, and of course Republicans, and paint them all as racists and bigots. And here's what the destroy-Trump media, the establishment media doesn't want you to know. We've showed you video after video after video going back for decades, President Trump condemning hate, white supremacists, the Klan, David Duke. We even have tape now, 1991, denouncing Duke on "Larry King Live."
So it's time for the liberal media and the Democrats, stop playing the race card, stop using this for political advancement and dividing the country even further. This happens every two to four years. I've been playing the tapes over and over, over the years, and I will play them probably tomorrow night just to remind you. It happens every two to four years, the race card is played. Elect Republicans, black churches are going to burn. Elect Republicans, and it's like my father is killed all over again. And Al Gore, they don't even want to count you in the census if you're African-American.
It's time to stop spreading the false narrative against the president and conservatives because all it's doing is tearing the country apart every time it's done. And as we said at the top of the show, the president, he is now seemingly in governing mode tonight. And by the way, now is the time, now through December, agenda, agenda, agenda, to get the agenda accomplished, the promises fulfilled to the American people. I hope Congress was watching tonight, and I hope they understand that the American people expect them to do their job.
Here now, author of "The New York Times" bestseller 11 weeks in a row now, debuting at number one, "Understanding Trump," former Speaker of the House, FOX News contributor, Newt Gingrich. You know, I said at the beginning tonight the power of that presidential pulpit is so powerful. And as the president was speaking tonight I was thinking, especially in the beginning when he addressed how the military is and how at times the country is so divided and how much -- we can't even begin to measure the good that could be done if this country ever united.
Rules of engagement, not telegraphing, letting the generals and the troops on the ground make the decision, not D.C. I want to get into that whole list when we come back and also talk about what happens every two to four years as I was just explaining. We'll have more with former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich right after the break as we continue this busy breaking news night tonight.
And welcome back to "Hannity" as we continue with former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich. All right, I want to go over the changes. I actually took a lot of notes and bullet points here. He went against his instinct, you already addressed that issue. I like when he said let's bring the country together like our military is together because we don't have time. Then he talked about rules of engagement. Then he talked about they've got to pay their fair share, they've got to adapted, he learned. He also talked about we don't have unlimited budget here and we don't have unlimited patience and a blank check. He talked about the hallowed ground and those that died fighting this war and other wars. He talked about winning, obliterating them, and blowing them away and that there will be nowhere to hide. I just felt it was all so different. And we're not going to change them. We're not going to try and nation-build. Thoughts?
Let me ask you this, and I also like the fact that he said the generals will decide, the troops will decide. They're the ones on the ground. They know better than anybody in Washington, D.C. Not telegraphing times or the amount of troops I think is so important. You don't give the enemy a timetable for leaving.
Then I want to ask you. I saw and he said a lot about the people in Boston, 99 percent were peaceful. There's a kid with a Trump hat and some guys knocked his hat off, and then the other group of people around him, the protest, no violence. Leave this kid alone. He has the right to his opinions too. And you did have a few agitators, but the overwhelming majority peaceful. And the president tweeted out that he was glad the people protested against bigotry and hatred. He said this all of his adult life. The media never gives him credit for it. And how many times last week, and every two to four years we see this card played by the Democratic Party. What does it do to the country? And do you agree with me, you've seen it in politics your whole career?
I think the next three months, three-and-a-half months are crucial. This is do or die for the Republicans and the president. And I would just stay totally focused on agenda, right idea, wrong idea?
Mr. Speaker, always love having you. Thanks for staying up late for us. We appreciate it, very important commentary. When we come back, President Trump is going to hold a rally tomorrow night in Arizona. Will he pardon Sheriff Joe Arpaio? Gregg Jarrett says he might. He's joins us next, Larry Elder as well, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Joining us now, Fox News anchor, attorney Gregg Jarrett, and Salem nationally radio syndicated talk show host Larry Elder. Gregg, you talked to the president and you wrote the first piece that when he goes to Arizona tomorrow night he may pardon Joe Arpaio, 85-years-old. Wasn't Arpaio obeying the law? Isn't that really the root cause of his troubles, where they began?
And Larry, I've seen the left and their comments and social media. Listen, if the president cured cancer tonight, if the dog bites, the bee stings, and you're feeling sad, it's all Trump's fault in the world of wacky liberals and the left and the media.
Should he do it? I'm running out of time. Should he do it?
Gregg, wait or do it now?
All right, guys, thank you. Love you both. Sorry I cut you short. More "Hannity" after the break.
And welcome back to "Hannity." Before we go, quick programming note. Make sure to set your alarm, get up early, "Fox & Friends" Ainsley Earhardt will be interviewing the vice president, Mike Pence, tomorrow, 6:00 to 9:00.
But that's all the time we have left this evening. As always, we thank you for being with us. This show will always be fair and balanced. I like the role reversal. Guess what? Tonight, I get to throw to all of my friends on "The Five" because a special live edition is next. And we'll see you back here tomorrow night. Thanks for being with us.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 26  ***************************************************
 
show#: 27  ***************************************************
 Now, the president is dead on when it comes to this kneeling issue. The national anthem, the flag is about saluting, honoring our military. Remember, it was written after the battle of Fort McHenry. And for all the president's critics out there, "Oh, he shouldn't talk about this," he was right to call attention to this issue.
So, all these NFL players coaches, owners, the ones that are kneeling because of apparent social injustice or protest the president himself or to raise awareness for whatever other leftist issues they may be promoting, well, I make the argument they're completely uninformed. If they are about inclusion and unity and understanding, then why don't they sit down with the brave men and women who fought and bled for this country? Maybe they should learn why every American should proudly stand for the flag, for "The Star Spangled Banner." Why don't they talk to the mothers and fathers -- I've interviewed them -- who lost their sons and daughters or why don't they talk to those who had their limbs blown off fighting for this country. I'm pretty sure they would be happy to explain why people should in fact stand.
This is about respect. This is about respect for the military, for our country, for our flag and those who fought under that flag. It is plain and simple, which is why these acts of protest are beyond disrespectful.
Now, if some NFL players, coaches, owners, you want to keep doing it, you go for it. But here is my prediction: people are going to continue to change the channel and they'll stay home on football Sunday. And like I said last night, Saturday is now my official football day unless and until this is resolved.
And according to the Wall Street Journal, Direct TV is now letting at least some customers cancel subscriptions to its Sunday ticket package of NFL games and obtain refunds if they cite players national anthem protests as the reason. Also, look at what is happening around the country. Look at this. People who spent hundreds and hundreds of dollars on NFL memorabilia, they are burning their jerseys. They were the once prized possessions and treasures, they are that upset.
Now, while President Trump is defending the flag, the military, Republicans like Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, who will be on the show tomorrow night, are coming out and they are supporting the president. Let's take a look.
And the Attorney General Jeff Sessions, he is also backing the president. Watch what he said.
So, taking the knee or staying in a locker room during the national anthem, you know what? That is pretty easy to do. Addressing real problems that impact real people and doing something about that is a lot harder.
Let's start by helping the people we always talk about, the millions of forgotten men and women in this country. Fifty million Americans in poverty, 50 million on food stamps, ninety plus million Americans out of the labor force. The NFL, you want to continue to disrespect the country, the military -- well, that's giving players by the way and owners the opportunity to make millions and even in some cases billions of dollars -- then it is time to stop taking hand-outs from the American taxpayers.
And of course the destroy Trump establishment media, they are not far behind an echoing everything the Democrats say. All of their talking points. Take a look.
Fake news, conspiracy news and the left is in a total frenzy over this and they are desperately trying to score as many cheap political points as possible. Democratic lawmakers, Maxine Waters, Al Green, they are actually calling for President Trump's impeachment over his NFL comments. Really? Watch this insanity.
So pathetic, so predictable. Two Democrats, they even took a knee on the House floor as a show of solidarity with the NFL protestors. Let's watch this.
So, the Democrats' fake moral outrage, it knows no bounds. They will literally do and say anything to try to damage and delegitimize President Trump. They've been doing it since last November. And that includes playing the race card every single chance they get even though President Trump has explicitly said that his criticism of the NFL has nothing to do with race. It's about patriotism and it should be obvious to everyone except, of course, those that want to play the race card like they do in every two and four years.
President Trump never mentioned race when he called out the NFL because it has nothing to do with race. And since Democrats, they are claiming President Trump is trying to create a racial divide in this country, well, we have to ask, where was the outrage when President Obama was jumping to conclusions without any facts or information, high-profile race cases in this country, and saying outrageous things that did have an impact on the public? You may remember this.
Rush judgments, rushing to judgment, no evidence, no belief that somebody is innocent until they're proven guilty. And we can go back even further to Barack Obama's book, "Dreams of my Father." The media never pointed it out, we did, where he quoted the reverend from the church of G-d America. Jeremiah Wright. Listen to then candidate Obama saying this.
These are things you'll never hear and see from members of the mainstream media because, you know what? They're so abusively biased and corrupt. But by the way, they want to silence shows like this and they work hard at it.
For example, where was the left rushing to condemn those comments? He wasn't a candidate but he was in politics. They didn't do it because playing the race card, dividing the country along racial lines is how Democrats think they need to win and get votes. You know what? They just do whatever they want and they'll never change, sadly, because it is not good for the country.
But people I think now are on to their game. It is getting old, it's pretty disgusting. So, tonight, we have a challenge for the left. Instead of you trying to take down President Trump 24/7, 365, exploiting this NFL issue, why don't you stand up for things that matter? Our country, our flag, our brave men and women who fight and bleed and die for all of our freedoms?
All right. Joining us now, the host "Michelle Malkin Investigates" on CRTV Michelle Malkin. Michelle, welcome back. Thanks for joining us. What are your thoughts?
What about the average pay for men and women in the service? And again, they're risking their lives. It's around $40,000. What about the average NFL player? Their average salary is 2.44 million a year. I'll grant you they have short careers, average career three or four years. That's not the point. That's a lot of money and families pay a lot of money to go see these games. So, I'm kind of trying to understand, do they not get that this is a big deal for a lot of people? And that this is going to backfire against them?
All right. Michelle, well said as always. Good to see you. Thank you for being with us. When we come back, Bill O'Reilly, he's next.
And welcome back to "Hannity." Joining us is now a man who needs no introduction. Author of now the best-selling book, "Killing England: The Brutal Struggle for American Independence," Bill O'Reilly. How are you? It's good to see you.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, you've got to -- you've got go all the way back like you did it. People want to see it.
How are you? And do you miss the daily grind of --
Uh-oh.
No, no, say it. You can say ass.
He has taken over. Five seconds in.
God save the queen.
How could they possibly not know?
Why do you give --
Most of these players do -- they are the best of the best. I have great respect for their athletic talent, their ability, their agility, their hard work. They went to college, Bill. Those kids played college ball.
How much of this is related? I played President Obama. He rushed to judgment when it came to Baltimore and Freddie Gray and it never happened "hands up, don't shoot". And Trayvon Martin and George Zimmerman.
Now, I learned when I was in Atlanta, a local radio guy, you don't rush to judgment. That was in the Richard Jewel case. But the president at the time rushed to judgment. That narrative, people believe "hands up, don't shoot" happened.
I want to get to that.
To do it.
Where does this, on your opinion, all end? I think they're in a quandary. They're in a dilemma now.
We kind of tried to see the Dallas Cowboys threading the needle. Look at the average family. I grew up in a small Cape Cod house, three older sisters, one bathroom. By the way, Bill, that's hell on earth.
Fifty by a hundred lot, seriously. Franklin Square, you know where I grew up.
I grew up there. If you take a family of four to a football game, basketball game, baseball game -- all right, average ticket about 100 bucks.
OK, it's close to a grand.
You buy hot dogs.
You buy a jersey.
You buy all this stuff, it is so much money and people literally sacrifice and save for that. How are they going to react? How does this end?
Absolutely.
We have the slaughter of cops in Dallas.
The Cowboys wanted to honor the local police. They wouldn't let them.
Well, certainly, it wouldn't be selective enforcement of the rules.
Let me ask you a broader, bigger question, because you talked about this for many years on your show. I know you have your podcast now and your columns. But every two and four years and then when we have these other bigger issues emerge, the issue of race, it is used as a wedge issue.
The Missouri radio ad that said if you elect Republicans, black churches are going to burn. The James Byrd (ph) ad, Al Gore saying when he's running for president to a predominantly black audience, Republicans have the wrong agenda for African-Americans, changing its cadence. They don't even want to count you in the census.
That is a lie. And it divides the country. And it's dividing the country along racial lines --
-- in a way that is hurtful to the country.
No, I was miles away.
You were on my radio show and I think this was the most important point you made that I agreed with that I think is the most dangerous for the country, because you took on the monument issue. Now, you can add the NFL issue --
-- and institutions in this country that are under fire every day. I'll add to that the two to four-year playing of the race card, the only -- one of the big weapons in the playbook of the Democrats.
But ultimately, you say if they get rid of the monuments, they get rid of our history, they can take knee during the anthem and diss the flag, then, ultimately, it's really the Constitution they want to change.
I want you to make that point.
I want to get to that. I don't mean to interrupt. You know what my favorite part of the game is usually, in the end of the game, you have the best of the best warriors battling it out, fighting, they get in a circle and say a prayer, Bill.
In football.
Stay right there. We have some breaking news out of The Associated Press now, out of Alabama. Roy Moore has won the Alabama GOP primary runoff. I've said this is a referendum on Mitch McConnell. We'll explain.
We'll talk about President Trump. We'll talk about the country. We'll talk about Congress and the media, which is more corrupt than any institution, straight ahead.
And this is a Fox News alert. The Associated Press projecting that Roy Moore will win the Alabama Senate runoff as we continue with the author of the bestselling book "Killing England: The Brutal Struggle for American Independence." Bill O'Reilly is with us.
I'd say that's a referendum on McConnell.
I want to ask you about the media. I haven't seen so institution in America that is so corrupt, so bitterly ideological, so one sided that never talk about -- you always said the folks -- I talk about the forgotten men and women, people that came from our background or worse.
They never talk about them. All they want to do is destroy this president 24/7, 365 conspiracy theories. I'm loving to hear what you think about it.
Anyone who supports him on air.
They threatened me for just having -- allowing you to have a voice.
Just to have the segment.
Yes, we were.
See, I call them liberal fascists, because that's what they are.
The most tolerant people as it comes to speech, we defend Bill Maher. I hate Bill Maher.
I never in my life --
Oh, you do. You're buddies with him. I can't stand him.
I've never said that Kathy Griffin should be fired or any -- I don't say that -- I don't care what they say.
Turn the dial.
No.
No, go ahead. Go ahead.
Bill, every minute of every day -- we have Rush on later this week. Every prominent conservative voice is recorded. They're paid to record. They're paid to transcribe. They're paid to look for the one word, sentence, phrase that they can then use to attack either advertisers or others.
And it works. Let's be honest. It has worked in the past.
Let me move on. Let me ask you, your -- I think the president who's done a great job in terms of doing everything that he promised that he is able to do on his own. I've never seen more impotent people, more ineffective people. People that can't keep simple promises like repealing and replacing and getting it done.
You talk about the folks. It's hurting the forgotten men and women that --
-- defined this election.
I have a video of him. I can play this video.
Sadly.
Why do people not only defeat the president politically, they want to destroy him and delegitimize him.
The media in many ways is dying before our very eyes.
I don't think they recover from the abuse -- have you heard the conspiracy theories? It is the most bizarre, Russia, Russia, Russia, Bill, 24/7, again to hurt the president. In the process, it's not only the president that gets hurt. It's nothing gets done for the country.
It's going to happen.
I think it's going to happen, sadly.
Name five fair Democratic senators and congressmen. Was there one that's willing to work --
What does Manchin -- he is not reaching out with President Trump on healthcare?
Because Schumer won't let him.
They might get some, with infrastructure.
Three or four?
How about we work for the people? You know what? The people --
They're not public servants anymore, Bill. They're not serving the public anymore.
Well, not this bad. I have never seen the vitriol. And, look --
-- we started on this channel 23 years ago, it's never been this bad, ever.
By the way, you (ph) must say, bull's-eye, the two Irish guys.
All right. We've got to take a break.
We'll get into that.
All right. More with Bill O'Reilly right after the break. Stay with us.
And welcome back to "Hannity," as we continue now with the author of "Killing England". You know him well. Bill O'Reilly is with us.
So I want to go back to this point, because you talked about being a culture warrior. The NFL is a cultural issue. When we're talking about tearing down memorials or breaking up history or acting as though it didn't happen --
-- I always say, though, that this is the greatest country God has given man that has accumulated more power, never abused it less and used its power to advance the human condition.
So, here is my question for you. You talk in this book about once you break down those cultural institutions, really they are setting the country up to say that the whole country is predicated on evil.
And the Constitution is their target.
And compare it to what you say in the book and the parallels.
By the way, very blunt.
Ben Franklin, give one example.
That's one way to say it, Bill.
Agreed. But is it -- look, all have sinned and fallen short.
Every man --
-- has sinned and fallen short.
-- where they built into the system, the ability of the people, we, the people, to right wrongs, to end evil and correct injustices. And history, Bill, has proven it worked.
You know, 650,000-plus people loss their lives in the wars in this country.
And that's why many of them fought under that flag, Bill. They fought under the flag and that goes back to the NFL issue where we started.
You know, one of the things that I care at this point in my life more than anything else, I just want the former dishwasher, cook, busboy, waiter, bartender, tile layer, house painter, paper hanger and framer and roofer to have a chance.
No -- that's 20 years of life.
But I want everybody to have the shot that we had.
that's what I want.
Yes.
Burgess Owens was on my radio show today.
And said the exact same thing you just said.
He said millionaires shouldn't tell people that they can't make it. He's right.
We make our living on it.
The country needs, and this goes back to those that want to silence conservative voices. This goes back to -- we have more dialogue, more debate, more information, I think people do better. You know what the real sad thing is, is things you've said on your show, that you write in your books and things I'm saying on this show, nobody else in media says it, Bill. That's why --
I don't care about the attacks.
I don't care.
It's hard.
My poor daughter calls me today, dad, they put up a video of you vaping in --
All right. Use that in the green room.
I never bring it to their attention.
Here's what I want to ask you, because we're running out of time. And I appreciate you coming in and good luck with the book.
Tell me something -- you've got to miss the grind a little.
Come on. You don't miss a swamp a little?
I mean, you worked for "Inside Edition", ABC.
Yes.
No, but you are at my radio yelling at the fish in the water today.
I contend that the future of this country is at stake in ways we don't know. And if they're successful in taking out this president, for reasons --
This is it.
All right. Bill, come back. Will you come back?
Are you coming back?
That's true. All right. You can get it on Amazon.
When we come back, more "Hannity" right after the break.
Welcome back to "Hannity," all right quick programming note. Tomorrow I'm headed to Washington, D.C. and we'll be interviewing Speaker of the House Paul Ryan. We have to hold these guys accountable. We need the economic plan passed.
Thursday a rare interview. I get to travel down to Florida, I will be sitting down with the one and only Rush Limbaugh.
We hope you'll tell our friends about us. The media wants me to fail. Back at our own time slot, 9:00 p.m. Eastern.
Dana Perino is next, she is live hosting "Fox News Tonight." And I want to congratulate Dana, her brand new show, she will be the host of the new 2:00 p.m. hour, right here on Fox News every day.
We hope you remember we're always fair and balanced, we're not the destroy Trump media. Thank you for being with us, see you back here or see you from Washington tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 28  ***************************************************
 
show#: 29  ***************************************************
 I got to be -- you're not feeling well. You've had this bad flu that everybody had. Are you feeling better?
You're a Trump. You keep working. I watched and -- look, I'm a conservative, and I talked to a lot of friends during the speech tonight. This is the speech that conservatives have wanted to hear since Reagan.
More people independently telling me that than any other comment I got tonight.
If you have record-low unemployment and if you break it down demographically, record-low unemployment for black America, for Hispanic America, for women, a 17-year low. You have economic growth and success. How do you sit down and not want to cheer that considering there's been a lot of suffering the last eight years.
Crumbs.
Yes.
So, you know, seeing that this was a unifying speech, it was a speech to all Americans. He hit everyone deeply.
You know, when you think it, 2.4 million jobs, 200,000 in the manufacturing sector alone, you think 2 million Americans off of food stamps. That was one of the big issues. I remember one of the first interviews I did with you, you called your dad a blue-collar Republican.
I'm sorry. Blue-collar billionaire. You're probably right.
You did?
And I know you've done the same thing in the course of your life, working in restaurants, being a dishwasher, a cook, a bartender, busboy, waiter, and then building houses, framing, roofing, tile, painting. It changed my life. And honestly, those are the Americans that have suffered.
You know what, people try to ask me about your dad because I've always been and remain today a Reagan conservative.
And I keep arguing with people, I'm not a nationalist, I'm not a populist, I am a conservative. Still a Reagan conservative. I look through the list of accomplishments. We'll put it back up on the screen. A list of principles that from judges to immigration to energy independence, all -- these are all important issues. And that's what has - - what has happened in a year. The Heritage Foundation actually said --
-- was more conservative than Reagan.
Jaws of victory.
Yes.
Let's talk about the distractions. You father -- all the accomplishments had to be achieved in an environment of -- I would argue, historically, unprecedented, hatred, vitriol, conspiracy theories, lies. You yourself have --
You know, although I love -- I thought I was tough on Twitter at one point. I can't compare to you or your dad.
You know, I say this often and I spend a lot of time -- it was about a year ago when we first reported on this program with John Solomon and Sara Carter that, in fact, Trump Tower has been -- yet there was a warrant, a FISA warrant, there had been spying going on.
Now, we learn a lot of the background. Imagine if your dad fixed the primary, had it rigged against 16 other people, imagine if James Comey and other FBI agents rigged an investigation, exonerated your father before actually investigating him. Imagine if your dad did pay for Russian propaganda through a dossier and imagine that dossier was used as a foundation for a warrant against Hillary. Let's reverse roles here. What would -- it's -- you can't even fathom.
Wow. Getting the same remarks from (INAUDIBLE)
You know, one of the things that he said tonight that really stood out to me is, for example, people have different diseases. Maybe they have been given a death sentence. And we have government bureaucracy that prevents people from making choices, maybe they'll -- maybe they want the right to experiment with a drug that we're told is promised --
Nothing. But the government, those people behind me over there in the freezing cold, they don't care.
Right, give it to him, it's your life.
I know. Not funny, it's true.
You know, one amazing statistic and I always pride myself on giving out a lot of statistics. I don't know if you've heard a few of them.
But when he said that they eliminated more burdensome regulations than every other President combined --
-- in a year --
Isn't what really, look, government has gotten so big, so bureaucratic. Between that and him taking on the culture and talking about the flag and talking about the anthem and challenging the NFL. But I think what he's done -- I think one of the reasons he's such a fierce opposition. He's bringing that business acumen, he's trying to wipe away all the clutter. So that we can build up the country. But they love that culture.
Why didn't you go with your father? I remember asking you that at the time.
Of all the kids, I think you have the same temperament as him.
People are going to say, he's saying it --
OK.
But that's the swamp.
That's the sewer.
I'm sorry you're sick. Glad you could make it anyway. And always good to see you. We appreciate you being with us.
All right. We got to take a break. And when we come back, Newt Gingrich, DHS Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen will be with us, she'll react to the President's first State of the Union Address, as we continue in the freezing cold in Washington, D.C.
All right, that was the President earlier tonight. Here with reaction to this important moment is Homeland Security Secretary, Kirstjen Nielsen. Let's talk specifically about the immigration proposals. Give us some detail.
Secretary, I've been down to the border a dozen times. I've been from the Rio Grande to San Diego. I've seen drug warehouses. I've seen gang members. I've been in helicopters, boats, all-terrain vehicle. You can laugh at me on horseback. I've seen all of this and we always end up getting the consideration, the amnesty going back to '86. We never, ever get the wall funded and built. Is this going to be different this time? Will the President insist on the money that he controls to build the border before any deal?
And the funding.
Madam Secretary, I have seen it all first-hand. And I think it is definitely -- in terms of national security, one of our -- if not, the number one priority we have. I suspect when Chuck Schumer pulled his offer off the table and then listening to other Democrats, it sounds to me, politically, they don't want a deal. They don't want DACA. They want to run on DACA in 2018. So, for all their sanctimony, I suspect politically they have very different motives. And then you got liberal Republicans like Lindsey Graham and Senator Snowflake -- I'm sorry, Jeff Flake. I call him snowflake -- out in Arizona that it seems like they just want amnesty.
Do you suspect as I do that there's politics being played by the Democrats? In other words, I question their sincerity of whether or not they want this deal because as the President said tonight, this is a compromised deal. This is "OK. You get what you want and we'll get what we ran on."
All right, Madam Secretary, good to see you. Thank you for joining us tonight. We appreciate it.
All right. And joining us with more reaction to the President's first State of the Union Address is the Author of the best-selling book "Vengeance", Former Speaker of the House, Fox News Contributor, Newt Gingrich. Mr. Speaker, you sat behind the President's, for what, five years during State of the Union Addresses, if I'm not mistaken. And I watched this President tonight and I thought it was probably, by far, the best speech he ever gave.
You know, I know the media has been fixated on one subject and one subject only for a year. But when you look at the accomplishments -- I'll put them up on the screen again and we'll roll the success, everything on foreign policy, from ISIS, and recognizing Jerusalem as the capital, conservative justices, energy independence, jobs created, the number of people dependent on food stamps reduced. And that doesn't even include the tax cut which is going to result in a significant dollars in the pockets of many Americans.
How would a private -- how would a private-public partnership on infrastructure work, sir?
You know, Mr. Speaker, you're the great historian and I'm looking at a disruptor that won the presidency. And after eight years, I would -- I would say classify it as abject failure. We have had a year's worth of really significant success. And I think, one of the keys to the success of the speech was rooted in the fact that the policies and the principles, the positions the President has taken is working.
Where do you see -- where do you see this disruptor following conservative principles? You know, going from here in spite of all the hostility that's been shown to him.
And you have talked a lot about -- I remember during the campaign you said he's either going to grow or he's not going to win. How would you judge his growth, considering his miraculous rise in politics from outside the world of politics? How would you judge the trajectory of growth in that year?
In the lives of a lot of Americans, forgotten men, and women, they were the ones that made the difference in November 2016. We appreciate your time.
When we come back, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, talk to Sebastian Gorka, Dan Bongino, as we continue from our nation's capital. It's HANNITY, we are glad you're with us.
Very, very sad, touching moment tonight. The president taking time to recognize family members of two girls brutally murdered by the gang MS-13. By the way, where I live, in Long Island, New York. Here with reaction, Senator Ted Cruz at the great State of Texas. Senator, good to see you. Let's get your reaction overall to the President tonight.
The president is -- I know has counted on you a lot, and you guys have forged a very strong relationship. And to me, everyone talks nationalism, populism, I'm a Reagan conservative. I see this agenda as conservative. Your thoughts.
It's almost embarrassing. It was -- it was embarrassing at times.
You know, when he gives on that statistics, where are you on this immigration proposal? We always get the spending increase, we never get the tax cut. We always get the amnesty, the consideration, we never get the wall.
Well, you got a couple of liberal Senators among (INAUDIBLE). But you know who I'm talking about that they want that, Republican Senators.
I know a Senator from Arizona and one from South Carolina, you can have that conversation with Senator Cruz, good to see you. Thank you for being with us, good luck on your reelection. I'm sure you're going to win in Texas, we need back there.
Here with reaction, former deputy assistant to the President and Fox News National Security Strategist Dr. Sebastian Gorka. And former Secret Service Agent Dan Bongino.
You know, Dr. Gorka, when we first met, you always said ISIS can be defeated. Look at where we are now.
You know, unless this President vows and tries to bribe Iranian and mullahs and rogue murdering dictators, the press, and the media will never like him, and the Democrats will never like. Does that's the only policies they like?
Capitulation and appeasement?
Right.
He said to Congress, let's start undoing this, we don't get our money about doing.
They talk about that?
No rules of engagement?
Lowest unemployment, they couldn't even cheer that.
Well said. There was a lot of that.
Dan?
And Hispanic.
No, no, no, ever.
How powerful is that that the President got to lay out a year of success after eight years of failure, bypass a media that just hate him, go directly to the American people and say this is what we have done in a year and this is what we're going to do in the next year.
What was up with that makeup? I mean, it was weird.
We're going back -- and by the way, Sean Kennedy -- President Kennedy was very different than Ted Kennedy.
Last word Dan.
You got crazy Uncle Joe on the sidelines, you got -- what does he -- Senator Warren Pocahontas, we've got it all.
Good to see you both. Thank you for being with us. All right, when we come back, the one and only 999, Herman Cain in the house and Joe Concha straight ahead.
All right, joining us now from the Hill, we have Joe Concha and Fox News Contributor -- I love the hat. Tell everybody what you just said to me when you walk in the set.
It is literally 30 below 0. I don't know whose bright idea at Fox was like, oh, let's put everybody out in the freezing cold on a roof. If we have a fake background like this then there's no point. And everybody that's working here is saying the same thing.
You are -- you are in the gallery.
I don't know. We have the lowest unemployment in history -- in history for black America. (INAUDIBLE) thank God, thank God. Let me go to Joe. Joe, look, you cover the media. Let me ask you, I'm watching -- we're putting up the list of accomplishments. The President goes direct to the American people and I'm thinking you know what? This is a powerful moment because with all of their hours and all of their minutes, guess what. He made a strong case tonight and I'm betting the ratings are probably going to be through the roof and a lot of people have literally said wow, I didn't know all this because nobody in the media tells them except maybe me, a few others and me.
At the end of the day -- at the end of the day, Herman Cain, I think you if we keep creating jobs, and people have more opportunity and they get more money back and there's less bureaucracy and we're safe and secure, I think all those noise we've been hearing from everybody isn't going to mean a darn thing in the end.
What is it?
All right guys, good to see you.
I'm borrowing that hat. All right, when we come back, more "Hannity" right after the break.
All right, as we wrap up in the sewer, the swamp, Washington, D.C., that's all the time we have left. As always, we do thank you for being with us and don't forget the show will always be fair and balanced. We will never be the destroy-Trump-media. We are back to pushing release the memo. We might see this early as tomorrow, if not, we hope on Thursday. Now, let not your heart be troubled.
Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 30  ***************************************************
 
show#: 31  ***************************************************
 
show#: 32  ***************************************************
 
show#: 33  ***************************************************
 All's good. And by the way, why does Geraldo always have a police car next to him with lights whizzing around?
But listen...
Yes, that's probably true. Listen, will you please tell all our friends, all these people that sacrificed, offered their professionalism, their training, their expertise. We really thank them. They've done amazing work both in Texas and Florida. We can't thank these guys enough. And on the 16th anniversary of 9/11 and the five-year anniversary of Benghazi, all those people, all those heroes -- it shows how great this country can be, Geraldo. Thank you.
All right, Hurricane Irma left a massive trail of destruction all throughout the great state of Florida. On the ground with the very latest, yes, Southwest Florida, my second home in Naples, Steve Harrigan -- Steve.
All right. Thank God. And they were worried because Hurricane Andrew had a bigger surge, and so they thought it was very possible. They took all the precautions, and even the police department down there, Collier County, Lee County. I know these guys. I know the sheriff of Lee County. Amazing job that they've done. Steve, thank you.
Also on the ground live in Florida tonight, Rick Leventhal. He is in Daytona Beach. Rick, what's going on there tonight?
All right, Rick Leventhal, thank you. He's on the ground in Daytona Beach, Florida. Rick, as always, thank you.
Also on the ground tonight in Tampa, Florida, our own Mike Tobin. Mike, what's going on there? They were hit a lot less hard than they anticipated, thank God.
All right, Mike Tobin, thanks so much.
All right, a lot of ground to get to tonight. When we come back, good versus evil, the best and worst in humanity, 16 years after 9/11, 2001, five years after Benghazi, Texas, Florida. We'll have a monologue about government good and evil, government working and not working, and the best of America and some of the worst. We have disturbing reports of video out of Florida looting taking place in the wake of Hurricane Irma and price gouging.
The attorney general of that state, Pam Bondi, is next, and our monologue straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." Now, tonight, as Americans come to terms with the devastation caused by Hurricane Irma, we are reminded of the anniversary now, the 16th anniversary, of 9/11, 2001 -- tragedy, evil, heartbreak, loss. You know what? In the midst of all that, we do see the very best and sometimes the very worst in people in this country. And I got to tell you, that's tonight's important "Monologue."
All right, so now we have Tropical Storm Irma's pounding Georgia on its way to Tennessee. Floridians -- they're only beginning to assess the damage, devastation that is caused by this historic storm. And thankfully, just like what we saw with Hurricane Harvey just a couple of weeks ago in Texas, government, state, local, federal officials -- they're actually on their game! They were more than prepared. They have been responding in the best way possible to prevent widespread loss of life. And you know what? It's good to see that.
We're also seeing the very best from you, the American people, in areas that are directly impacted, neighbor helping neighbor. And that has expanded out with so many other Americans volunteering, donating money, food, water, supplies, baby formula, cots and blankets and pillows -- everything that fellow Americans need.
And like we saw in Texas, you know what? It's good to see, as a small government conservative, finally, government can work. There can be coordination between local, federal and state governments. The governors have been great. The federal government's been great. Local officials have been great.
Now, unfortunately, in Florida, we're also seeing some of the very worst -- but it's a select few Americans. Take a look at this sad video, people looting during the hurricane in Fort Lauderdale. Authorities are saying that, you know, so far, nine people have been arrested for looting. Miami-Dade County police tweeted out earlier today 28 people have been arrested. And due to what officials are saying -- safety concerns -- that county is now under a 12-hour curfew that started at 7:00 p.m. earlier tonight.
Now, thankfully, authorities -- they're doing an excellent job of cracking down on despicable behavior. They, hopefully, will hold these people accountable for their actions.
There's also, sadly, reports of price gouging. Gas, other vital items that the people of Florida need are in really short supply due to the hurricane. And just take a look at a couple of these headlines. Hurricane Irma: Price gouging, scam, complaints -- they now exceed 8,000. And Hurricane Irma: A case of water selling for $99.00 on Amazon as residents fear price- gouging?
Now, the Florida attorney general, Pam Bondi, will be here in just a minute. She'll react to all of this. But I want to remind you 16 years ago today, America experienced pure, unmitigated evil -- the attacks on the World Trade Center, the Pentagon, the downing of United flight 93 that killed nearly 3,000 of our fellow citizens. Now, these are images that will forever be burned into all of our memories and horrors we will never forget, nor should we ever forget.
We got to warn you what we're about to show you is graphic. I know some networks won't show it. It's important we never forget, especially in light of the recent deal. Why would we give money to North Korea and Iran? It's insanity. We've got to know who our enemies are.
Al Qaeda terrorists -- they hijacked two commercial jets. They flew them directly into the World Trade Center towers, turning the symbols of American capitalism and strength into infernos, death traps. Remember? The flames were so hot, people had to jump -- they'd rather choose to jump to their death rather than be incinerated.
And then 56 minutes after the South Tower was hit, it came crashing down, raining down tons of steel debris, thick gray ash and dust all over the streets of New York City. And then 30 minutes after the South Tower fell, the North Tower came crumbling down, leaving behind nothing but misery, death, destruction, despair on a scale this country had never seen before.
Now, while innocent Americans were fleeing for their lives, we cannot forget this day, the brave men, women, the firefighters, the police, the first responders. While everybody is racing to get out of those buildings, they're going in the other direction, risking their lives, going into danger, trying to save as many of their fellow Americans as possible. That day, 343 firefighters and paramedics -- they lost their lives. Twenty-three NYPD officers were killed that day. Thirty-seven Port Authority police officers -- they made the ultimate sacrifice.
This is what America is. This is what we stand for.
Let me add one other thing. So many men and women around this country after 9/11 -- they signed up for the military. 5,500 of them lost their lives, many others with life-debilitating injuries, all of them heroes, all of them fighting for us, all of them saving lives, and they did it without even thinking twice. They ran head first, all of them, into danger.
And just days after, the city and country started to begin the process of recovery, and eventually, they started rebuilding in the same exact place where the twin towers once stood. The Freedom Tower now sits there at 1,776 feet tall.
This is the type of spirit and determination I argue America needs more than ever. The people in Texas, the people in Florida, the country -- you know what? It's nice to see us unite for a little bit and for our leaders and government to do the same and start getting things done that benefit the forgotten men and women in this country -- you, the American people.
I've always been a small government conservative my entire life. The Texas, Florida governors, lieutenant governors, the attorney general, Pam Bondi, who will join us in just a moment -- the president, local authorities, our military all worked together in Texas. They all worked together in Florida. It's refreshing.
Now I'd argue this. It's time for Congress to follow that example, follow that lead. Start doing your job! It's like the American people are begging you. Build on this success in Texas, Florida, Georgia, other states severely impacted by Irma. Give them the federal assistance they need to rebuild.
And also, you need to start passing the agenda you all promised the American people when you ran for office. People voted for you for that agenda! Historic Reaganesque tax reform that the president is asking for. What's so wrong? What's not Reaganesque about seven tax brackets to three, cutting middle class tax rates, slashing corporate rates to 15 percent, allowing multi-national companies to repatriate trillions of dollars behind held overseas because it would be taxed to death over here so they can build factories and manufacturing centers and hire new workers and again create opportunity for Americans.
And building at least 300 miles of border wall to protect Americans from people like Al Qaeda, other terrorist organizations. And it might be a good idea to do it in the next 14 weeks. You all promised this, especially energy independence, the millions of high-paying career jobs that we would have, replacing, repealing ObamaCare.
Congress, get your act together. Learn from the good part of the American people. They're leading by example. You're supposed to be servants. Do your job.
Here now with reaction, Florida attorney general Pam Bondi. You know, I know it's a small minority, Pam. It's very small. What does a case of water cost, 4 bucks, 5 bucks? All right, maybe they want to raise the price a dollar. But 100 bucks, 50 bucks?
I'll be honest, and -- it was just refreshing. I mean, we've seen when hurricanes can become a disaster. You know, for example, Katrina. But here's what I want to ask you. If you go back to Ferguson, Missouri, if you go to Baltimore, and all these people, all the looting and all that went on there, we have video of these people!
We can identify them. They never used the video, and these people end up getting away with it. Is that going to happen in this case? Are you going to search out every -- like, we can see their faces right there. We know who they are.
Samaritan's Purse.
Pam, please go after these people! You know what? There's nothing worse.
And I know it's a small minority. Nothing worse than doing this to your fellow Floridians. And thank God most people are not like this, but those that are, I hope you throw them...
... in jail, all of them. All right, Pam, thank you.
And all the best to our friends in Florida.
OK.
Thank you.
When we come back, Hillary Clinton blaming everybody for her election loss! You won't believe what she's literally now saying. And Gregg Jarrett, Larry Elder -- they have reaction next on this busy breaking news night.
Stay with us.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Now, despite suffering a devastating loss in last year's election, Hillary Clinton won't go away! Now the two- time failed presidential candidate is out with a brand-new book entitled "What Happened." This weekend on CBS, Clinton previewed her new book, and not surprisingly, blamed pretty much anything and everything under the sun for her loss except herself. Trump happened. Watch this.
I don't even know what to say. Here with reaction, FOX News anchor, attorney Gregg Jarrett, Salem Nationally syndicated radio host Larry Elder. Gregg, I'll start with you. Let's see, Russia, Comey, WikiLeaks, fake news, Facebook, voter I.D. laws, sexism, misogyny. And the only thing she didn't mention in this case was she was an awful candidate, the right wing conspiracy, and Donald Trump happened. That didn't come up at all, and she was a horrible candidate.
Twenty-six?
That's so well said. I wish I said it that well.
That was really well said.
OK, I'll steal every word and I'm just plagiarize it, and then she'll blame me. But she does blame talk radio and of course the FOX News Channel. Larry, the media narrative on her, she is brilliant. She is so smart.
If you watch her campaign, she was boring, she was dull. She had no urgency, and she was basically a walking bumper sticker talking point of every campaign the Democrats have ever run. I never saw anything that inspired anybody. And then all of the scandals that Gregg mentioned.
Absolutely, and the forgotten men and women. I guess the media and liberals, they love to diagnose Donald Trump's mental state. I'm interested in Hillary. Would it be wrong of me to say narcissistic personality disorder, Gregg? Where's the introspection, self-analysis here?
I'm laughing. It's not in her.
Stay right there. We're going to have more with Gregg and Larry right after this break. And also coming up tonight, a blockbuster interview, "60 Minutes." White House former chief strategist Steve Bannon making major headlines in his first television interview since leaving the White House. We're going to play you the highlights.
Also, the man that killed bin Laden and a good friend of mine who lost her brother, one of the pilots on 9/11, 2001, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So last night "60 Minutes" aired the first TV interview with former Trump White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, since he left the White House, that is. During the sitdown Bannon attacked the Washington establishment hard. By the way, they deserve it, and so much more. Let's take a look at this.
As we continue with Larry Elder, Gregg Jarrett. You know, Larry, I talk about five forces against the president. One of the five forces is the Republican establishment, weak Republicans, the never-Trumper Republicans. And then I watch Mitch McConnell, well, the expectations were too high on healthcare. I agree with Bannon. They aren't a positive force for change and they're deeply involved in the sewer and swamp. Thoughts?
Let me go to you, Gregg. I disagree on the Comey part of what Steve Bannon said, and here is why. If somebody is so unethical and so conflicted, and now we know the fix was in. He was -- before interviewing Hillary or all these witnesses, he was already writing her exoneration. That is not equal justice under the law by any measure.
Go ahead, Larry.
I think there is something to that, but the bottom line is I don't think we're done with the email server scandal. I don't think we're done with Comey, with Lynch, with Ukraine election interference, nor Uranium One, or, by the way, Debbie Wasserman Schultz. All right, guys, thank you both.
When we come back, today President Trump remembers the 9/11, 2001 attacks. He says his administration will work hard to make sure terrorists never again have a safe haven to launch attacks against this country. Rob O'Neill, the man that killed Usama bin Laden, Debra Burlingame, she lost her brother, one of the pilots of American Airlines, will join us next straight ahead.
President Trump earlier today at the Pentagon remembering the 9/11, 2001 terrorist attacks. Joining us now, the man that killed Usama bin Laden, author of the bestseller "The Operator," former Navy Seal, FOX News contributor Rob O'Neill. Every time at this time of year, Rob, I play on my radio show Michael W. Smith's song and we intersperse all this audio from news reports and the tower is hit, the next tower is hit. The Pentagon, field in Pennsylvania, towers crashing down. Every time I hear it, it just brings me back like it's yesterday. You had the unique opportunity to kill the guy responsible. Do you ever reflect on that?
I love the fact he is taking to them, he is serious. Did you read about bin Laden's son? I think you saw some of his kids. Do you in particular remember him? Do you remember if he was there that day, that he is going to now unite all these terrorists?
All right, Rob, thanks. You did a great service along with all the members of Seal Team 6. None of you knew if you were coming back. Great heroism, and all the people that fought in Afghanistan and Iraq and many that lost their lives and those that came back with the most severe injuries, thank you for being with us.
Debra Burlingame, thank you, she lost her brother on 9/11, 2001. You know, Debra, we have become friends over the years, and you have been such a strong, powerful voice against radicalism. We're seeing the impact of believing something as naive as North Korea, if we bribe them then they're going to stop their nuclear program. President Obama makes this idiotic deal with Iran. And I think back and I think you lost your brother that day. Are we really that stupid that we don't understand the mentality of evil in our time?
San Bernardino, Fort Hood, Boston.
Doing the right thing.
Debra, I have gotten to know you over these years, and your voice with all you've been through has been extremely powerful over the years. My thoughts and prayers are with you this day, too. Thank you for being with us.
Same with you. Thank you, Debra Burlingame.
When we come back, an important message from me to a friend of our family right here on the Fox News Channel.
Before we go tonight we want to send our deepest, deepest condolences to the entire Bolling family. Our friend Eric and his wife Adrienne. Over the weekend our former colleague and his wife Adrienne, they lost their only child, Eric Chase. He passed away Friday in Colorado where he was going to college. I just want to say to my friend, our thoughts and prayers are with you, we love you, and we are thinking about you in this most difficult time.
Thanks for being with us. Remember, this show will always be fair and balanced. Jon Scott continues straight ahead.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 34  ***************************************************
 
show#: 35  ***************************************************
 Oh, hyperventilating breathlessness! We're going to have more on the destroy Trump media's biased coverage later in our new segment. It's called the "Fake News Round-up." You don't want to miss it.
But let's talk about the Washington Post for a minute. This is the same newspaper who has on their home page the slogan, "Democracy dies in darkness." And just last week, remember? The Post reported that deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein -- he was threatening to quit because of Comey's firing. Oh, guess what? Rosenstein -- and they cited anonymous sources -- well, he spoke in an on-camera interview and he said, I'm not quitting. I never threatened to quit.
But that wasn't the only story The Washington Post got wrong last week. After Comey was fired, The Post reported this headline. Quote, "Comey sought more resources for Russian probe just days before he was fired by President Trump, officials say." Well, guess what? Wrong again because the acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, when testifying before Congress last week said he was unaware of such request and that also -- he also went on to say we have plenty of money for this. We have adequate funding.
So let's put the latest Washington Post fake news story into context. You got two stories they published last week, dead wrong! Anonymous sources, they're losing a ton of credibility, and that fits into a much broader narrative that we have been dealing with almost exclusively here in the media on this show.
The media's now so corrupt that their anger toward the president is now stopping them from doing their jobs! It's why I have spoken about changing the White House and how they handle the press. I've said they need to restructure daily briefings.
Now, the destroy Trump media -- well, they turned them into nothing more than a dog and pony show. I explained this last night. The White House press team -- they should develop a list of the top 15, 20 issues of the day. Let members of the mainstream media submit questions about them beforehand and afterwards, and they can have all their questions answered in detail, and then ask questions from there.
Also tonight, another massive breaking news story, explosive developments in the mysterious murder of former DNC staffer Seth Rich that could completely shatter the narrative that, in fact, WikiLeaks was working with the Russians, or there was collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians.
Now, if true, this could become one of the biggest scandals in American history and could mean that Rich could have been murdered under very suspicious circumstances. Now, according to former homicide Detective Rod Wheeler, who's been hired by the Rich family to investigate the killing, newly discovered evidence shows that the 27-year-old former DNC employee was, in fact, communicating with WikiLeaks before he was gunned down in Washington, D.C. That was back in July of 2016, July 10th, while he was walking home. Seth Rich shot in the back, left for dead.
Police have been saying and characterizing this as an attempted robbery gone wrong. Here's a problem, and that's an odd explanation because, well, the assailant didn't take anything from Rich. They didn't take his phone, his wallet, his watch, his necklace. They were still on his person at the scene of the crime.
And now while there are several key questions about why Rich was killed, well, here's what we do know -- 12 days, exactly 12 days after Rich died and was killed, WikiLeaks published the leaked emails from the DNC. And after Rich's death, Wikileaks offered a $20,000 reward for information leading to the conviction of the person or the people responsible for the murder.
And then back in August, during an interview on Dutch TV, Assange implied that, in fact, Seth Rich was his source. Take a look at this!
That's pretty profound. Now, this new information is also consistent with what Julian Assange told me back in January when I asked him specifically, did Russia give him any of these emails? Now, keep it in context here. In all the years of WikiLeaks, 11 years, they've never been proven wrong. Watch this.
Did Russia give you this information or anybody associated with Russia?
Now, during that same interview, I also asked Julian Assange about a report saying that a disgruntled Democrat and not the Russians gave John Podesta's emails to WikiLeaks. Take a look at this.
There was one report in The Daily Mail that suggested somebody that you are friendly with actually was handed the documents at American University in a wooded area by a disgruntled Democrat who felt betrayed because the revelations showed that Bernie Sanders had been betrayed, and he didn't like the corruption of the Clinton Foundation. Can you confirm or deny that? Is that story true?
Friend of yours?
And the mystery deepens. Now, let me connect the dots from here. Now, from my perspective, this could be a very huge bombshell story. If this is true and Seth Rich gave WikiLeaks the DNC emails which ultimately led to the firing -- remember Debbie Wasserman Schultz on the eve of the DNC convention? This blows the whole Russia collusion narrative completely out of the water.
Now, maybe Seth Rich was upset that the DNC was conspiring to hurt Bernie Sanders and help Hillary Clinton win the nomination. Now, we learned from those released e-mails, remember this, that that was the case!
And then finally, tonight, five powerful forces. I want you to understand exactly what's happening here because the intensity, the fervor to get this president has been more fierce than ever.
You have five forces aligning against President Trump. You've got the destroy Trump propaganda media, the destroy Trump Democrats, the Washington deep state establishment, meaning some in the intelligence community, you got weak establishment Republicans, never-Trumpers. They now seem to be working together in an unprecedented attack against a sitting president.
Now, let start with the destroy Trump propaganda media. Now, they have been working around the clock since November. Oh, that's right, they were colluding with Hillary before the election, but since then to smear, slander, besmirch, character assassination against the president, any means necessary. And they have been against President Trump from the beginning. Remember, it was a funeral for most of these people on television on the night of November 8th?
On top of that, you may remember this.
Well, they were laughing then. I don't know if they're laughing now. Now they're in intense take Trump down mode.
But then you got the tinfoil hat conspiracy theories about President Trump colluding with the Russians despite up to this point, no evidence, that these liberal crackpots -- they've been pushing forever. Where's the evidence?
Now, the media's become completely unhinged. They're suffering from Trump derangement syndrome. And as we have been continually pointing out right here on this show, the truth does not matter to people that call themselves journalists! They are agenda-driven. They're radical left-wing ideologues who are more than happy to push and advance Democratic talking points and political conspiracies.
Now, what do we know to be true is what, in this case, WikiLeaks did expose. Remember? The countless members of the destroy Trump media -- they were caught colluding with the Clinton campaign. Their main objective? They wanted to get Hillary elected, which explains why they have been perfectly willing to say anything, do anything, regardless of how insane, conspiratorial it may sound, all in an attempt to damage the president.
Now, number two, you got this alliance. You got sore loser Democrats. They're still in total and complete denial. They can't believe that Donald Trump won and Hillary lost, that Donald Trump's the president.
Now, they've also made it very clear that they're going to obstruct every single agenda item of the president at every single turn. For example, look at the firing of James Comey. Democrats -- they hated the guy's guts. They were calling for his head for months, and they even blamed Comey for Hillary Clinton's election loss. Then President Trump, he fires the former FBI director. All of a sudden, Democrats change their tune, feigning moral outrage, which exposed them to be nothing more than a bunch of partisan hypocrites.
Then you've got the third alliance. You got the deep state in Washington targeting the president, selectively, now on a daily basis, as you saw earlier tonight and last night, leaking information. We told you at the top about the bogus fake news story from completely unreliable Washington Post that they were wrong all those times last week.
Last night, it was claiming that President Trump allegedly leaked information to the Russians. They didn't care when Hillary did it.
Now, to me, it's clear what the motive is here. Some people inside Washington, D.C., the deep state -- they are selectively leaking information to try and damage the president. You may remember back in January, the Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer -- remember he issued this warning to the president-elect about the capabilities if he takes on the NSA, the deep state, the intelligence community. This is what he said.
Ah, six ways and Sunday, the deep state'll get you one way or the other! That what James Comey was doing tonight, seeking revenge? And by the way, since that warning, we've seen unprecedented leaks, including to The New York Times tonight. We have transcripts of the president's calls with foreign leaders. They'd been given to the press! Where did they come from? Drafts of executive orders shared with the media, information meant to damage the attorney general, Jeff Sessions, that was handed out!
And then after Lieutenant General Michael Flynn was caught up in incidental surveillance, he was then unmasked. And then in violation of the Espionage Act, that classified information was also released to the press, a felony in case you're interested.
Number four, in this alliance, the establishment Republicans, so many of these people so weak, so timid. They're spineless. They're feckless. They have no vision. They never supported the president, their own candidate, during the campaign.
Now, the National Security Adviser, H.R. McMaster -- he came out last night and called the report bogus in spite of all of these people.
Finally, number five, we have never-Trumpers. They were vitalized, so-called Republicans. They didn't like President Trump during the election, and now they seem to want him to fail so they can say to themselves they're right. They're so desperate to become relevant again.
So it's time to call out this alliance, these five groups, for what they are and what is actually happening here.
All right, when we come back on this busy breaking news night, James Comey strikes back against President Trump after he was fired last week. Jay Sekulow, Dave Bossie -- they'll weigh in.
And also tonight...
The destroy Trump media is going to town with the Washington Post Story, and tonight, The New York Times story. We're going to explain the hypocrisy. We have a new segment on the program, our "Fake News Round-up" segment. We'll get reaction from Joe Concha, Ric Grenell.
And later tonight, Dr. Sebastian Gorka -- he's here on this busy, busy, nonstop breaking news, well, against the propaganda media night as we continue.
Welcome back to "Hannity" as we continue with more of the murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich, the complete media hysteria meltdown and the alliance to destroy President Trump.
Joining us now with reaction -- he is the chief counsel for the American Center for Law and Justice, Jay Sekulow, and former deputy campaign manager for Donald Trump, he's also for (ph) the president of Citizens United, Fox News contributor David Bossie. Guys, good to see you both.
All right, Jay, let's start with -- let's start with the Seth Rich issue, Jay, and the timeline here. And you know, Wikileaks, say what you will about Julian Assange, he hasn't been wrong in 11 years. Nobody's proven him wrong. He's been defiant. It's not Russia, not Russia. He defended this guy, as we just played in the last segment, on Dutch TV.. And then you look at the timeline, and then you look at earlier reports.
Is it possible that this whole Russia narrative was -- and the leaks really came from a DNC staffer and that the media's been wrong for almost a year?
Dave Bossie, what's your reaction to all of it?
Yes. All right, Jay, let me -- let me give you an example. So for -- you know, we look about (ph) the sabotage of a president, so The Washington Post breaks this big story. Oh, my God, Donald Trump -- wouldn't he as president, first of all, have as commander-in-chief the ability to share whatever he thought was necessary in spite of the fact that, as David is pointing out, OK, everybody in the room says no?
And then you go to their sources, and what do we find once again? The sources are questionable, just like they were last week when they got the - - they got two issues wrong, that Rod Rosenstein threatened to quit. Rod Rosenstein said in an interview with a D.C. station, no, he didn't threaten to quit. You know, according to current and U.S. officials, OK, who were the former officials if they weren't in the room? What information did they have? Or the issue of, Well, Comey quit just before (sic) he asked for money for the investigation into Russia, and that was denied by Andrew McCabe.
OK, now...
... so last night, Jay -- all right, I agree, but last night, the media goes hysterical! They're breathless. They're reporting -- and you know, earlier tonight, I see the same thing unfolding.
Hypervent -- then I see the New York Times today, I hope you can let this go, meaning the investigation or to end the Flynn investigation that the president aid to James Comey. And James Comey's bitter! James Comey got fired. James Comey -- maybe he wrote a memo, maybe he didn't.
... the president to say the words, I hope you can let this go? Is there anything illegal about that or...
Dave?
You know, it's funny...
Well said. All right, guys, good to see you both. When we come back, former D.C. homicide detective Rod Wheeler investigating the death of DNC staffer Seth Rich, who was killed last July. According to Wheeler, there is now evidence that confirms Seth, was in fact, speaking with Wikileaks. Wheeler joins us next in an exclusive.
And also tonight...
Here we go again, destroy Trump media. They cannot get enough of The Washington Post. Now The New York Times story about the president in (INAUDIBLE) sharing information with Russia. And did he say, I hope this investigation ends? Well, anyway, The Post's newsroom reportedly erupted in applause as the story broke. Aren't they supposed to be unbiased journalists?
That's coming up. And we'll explain in our "Fake News Roundup." We got Joe Concha, Ric Grenell, and later, Dr. Sebastian Gorka weigh in on the unprecedented White House leaking and much more.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So more on the story of murdered Democratic National Committee staffer Seth Rich who was gunned down last July in Washington, D.C. D.C. police are officially in charge of this case, but former D.C. homicide detective Rod Wheeler who was hired by a third party to investigate the murder on behalf of the family says Mr. Rich was communicating with WikiLeaks before he was killed.
Now, Seth's family has been pushing back today, releasing a statement that reads in part, "We are a family that is committed to facts, not fake evidence that surfaces every few months to fill the void and distract law enforcement and the general public from finding Seth's murderers." Now the services of the private investigator who spoke to the press was ordered to the Rich family and paid for by a third party and contractually was barred from speaking to the press or anyone outside of law enforcement or the family unless explicitly authorized by the family.
Let's go through this case. The termite is fascinating here. As I played in the last segment, Julian Assange, I asked him repeatedly on radio and television if Russia was involved. Absolutely not. Now, believe him or not, he's a guy that WikiLeaks has an eleven year history of never being proven wrong. And all these leaks, by the way, ended up, a lot of them ended up being published in places like "The New York Times."
So I guess my question is, when you look at the timeline of this, and 12 days after he was killed it shows up on WikiLeaks, what did you discover in terms of the contacts with WikiLeaks?
So we don't know for sure if the FBI or the D.C. police have any access to this, these forensics, these emails?
Have you ever seen a lot of robberies, which is how they've been looking into this case, where the person has their wallet and there watch after they've been shot and killed in the back?
Wouldn't that explain, how is it possible that the DNC, when the FBI wanted to look at their computers, was able to bring in their own people? Or that the people that ended up getting immunity ended up being able to destroy their laptop computers? Is there any evidence that the might of been disgruntled at the treatment of Bernie Sanders and the unfairness and that the fix was in to put Hillary in that position and maybe had evidence of that?
All right, Rod Wheeler, thanks for being with us. We appreciate it.
When we come back, our fake news roundup segment of the day, "Washington Post" newsroom erupting in applause after breaking the so-called big news story yesterday about President Trump Trump sharing information with Russia. So much for unbiased journalists.
And also tonight --
Wow, destroy-Trump media foaming at the mouth over what turned out to be the nonstory by the "Washington Post," of course on top of their two false stories last week. We will expose the hypocrisy, get reaction from Joe Concha, Ric Grenell, and also Dr. Sebastian Gorka weighs in on the leaks from the deep state in the White House.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Time for tonight's fake news media roundup. Last night "The Washington Post" reported President Trump gave away classified information during his meeting with the Russians. Following the release of that story "The Washington Post," their fact- checker Glenn Kessler, actually tweeted this, couldn't believe it, "Applause in "The Washington Post" newsroom as the Russian leaks scoop breaks the "Hollywood Access" record for the most readers per minute." Keep in mind, the same "Washington Post" newsroom that allegedly broke out in applause when President Trump visited in 2009. Meanwhile, smelling blood in the water, the destroy-Trump propaganda media, they were quick to jump on this speculative report. Take a look.
Joining us now with reaction from "The Hill" is Joe Concha, he is a media reporter, as well as former U.S. spokesman for the U.N. ambassador Ric Grenell. Let me start with Ric tonight. So "The Washington Post" gets all these things wrong last week. They talk about the deputy attorney general, he was going to step aside. And the he's interviewed and he said no, anonymous source wrong. And then they get other issues. Well, Comey was asking for money. No, the interim FBI director says that didn't happen. That was just last week. Then this media takes this credible source and races with the story last night as if with a breathlessness I've never seen before, and the same people that ignored Hillary Clinton and her leaking of classified information on the server and top-secret, et cetera.
You know, Joe, there is a certain effectiveness to this. I mean, "Saturday Night Live," because of Trump, best ratings ever. Jimmy Kimmel and Fallon were killing Colbert. Colbert has been resurrected from the dead and his lifeline was sent because of Donald Trump. And even leftists with the conspiracy theories are doing better than ever on cable news. Is it just because it's big money to peddle anything true or not true, proven wrong twice last week, not proven wrong last week?
Let me ask you this.
All right, guys, thank you for your patience. We appreciate you being with us.
And up next tonight on this busy news night.
National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster earlier today saying President Trump's conversation with the Russian foreign minister was completely appropriate, and he was in the room. Will the Democrats, the destroy-Trump media, will they stop with the hysteria now, the breathlessness? We got it. The deputy assistant to the president, Dr. Sebastian Gorka, will join us next with reaction as we continue.
That was the national security advisor H.R. McMaster earlier today at the White House in the press briefing saying that what President Trump discussed with the Russian foreign minister last week was completely appropriate. But the destroy-Trump left, they continue to try and take the president down. And these leaks, where are they coming from? They need to stop.
Joining us now with reaction, deputy assistant to the president Dr. Sebastian Gorka. Current and former officials, it comes from the same newspaper, by the way, that said that the deputy attorney general, Rosenstein, threatened to quit, but he did an interview and said no, I never threatened to quit. And then of course, they were suggesting that days before Comey left that James Comey had said he wanted more funding, and McCabe, the interim FBI director, said no, we have enough funds. We're adequately funded. And the list goes on. And now tonight it's "The New York Times," oh, did Donald Trump ask to end the Flynn probe by a bitter, angry Comey who didn't care a whit about the rule of law and equal justice under the law as it relates to Hillary.
Sebastian, when is the leaking thing going to stop? This has to be coming. You know, they're making it all up. And by the way, "The Washington Post" was so wrong so often, the fact that they were breathlessly reporting everything they said last night after last weeks' disastrous accuracy rating is pretty amazing. And then of course the eruption in the "Washington Post" newsroom.
Here's my question, OK, if there leaking the Australia -- conversations with the Australia Prime Minister and people in the Kremlin and elsewhere around the world, that means that's the deep state intelligence community doing it. It has to be coming from there, doesn't it?
Dr. Gorka, nobody has been held responsible for the felony violation of the Espionage Act with Michael Flynn. Nobody's been held accountable for unmasking. Even if it is incidental surveillance, the unmasking and then the leaking of intelligence, raw intelligence. Nobody has been held accountable so far. Nobody has been fired. How many Obama holdovers still exist in these communities.
All right, Dr. Gorka, great to see you as always.
When we come back, we need your help, a very important "Question of the Day." We need your input, that's straight ahead.
Time for our "Question of the Day." So I spoke about this in my opening monologue. Do you think there's an alliance to take down President Trump? We want to hear from you, Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
Unfortunately that's all the time we have this evening. So much news to get in in one small hour. Thank you for being here. We will see you back here tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 36  ***************************************************
 
show#: 37  ***************************************************
 You are so mean to your father in the movie.
A lot of confidence but you did to a good job. About a year and a half. Nearly two years ago. "God's not dead."
What was I thinking?
Shocking, I know. I do not have that reputation. Here's what I've been saying all the interviews. I've been saying Hollywood is formulaic. You get violence, sex, spider-man 90, Jennifer Aniston falls in love with whoever the new Hollywood person is. They have a baby and a dog and the movie ends. That is pretty much it. And there's been contempt for conservative Christian faith values in Hollywood. This is an antidote and we went independent. Totally different.
You are the meanest, he write a book, a boarding god and she is proud of it.
You were a drunk, a womanizer. A drug addict. And you helped transform his life. He had the patience dealing with him.
Every single person I've shown this movie to cries. Your son makes them cry. No, you don't.
Oh!
Is this your first movie or have you done other things?
You did great. You and your brother did fantastic. You are protecting your mom against him. Is that how it is like in real life?
I think this is also grabbed from the front pages. It's a societal problem but there's a debate on the college campus today. "Aborting god," he is going to have the crowd on his side.
the most amazing thing is, you are torn back. Come back, you have all your handlers that want you to make more and more money and you try.
Can anyone explain?

show#: 38  ***************************************************
 Unbelievable, unfit to be human.
All right, let's go back, let's take a look at the president's original comments on all of this. This all happened before a madman plowed into a group of people with his car. Here's what President Trump tweeted. Quote, "We all must be united and condemn all that hate stands for. There's no place for this kind of violence in America. Let's come together as one."
The president also said, "We must remember this truth. No matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are all Americans first."
And once the protesters -- once it turned deadly, President Trump immediately came out and gave a statement. Here's what the president said. Take a look.
Now, all weekend long, I, like many of you, watched the media going insane, acting like they didn't know what the president was talking about. They ran with a false narrative all weekend. Oh, big story, he didn't mention the groups by name.
Well, it couldn't be more obvious, more transparent who the president was talking about. He was standing for equal justice under the law, against racism. And the press, what did they do? They used a high-profile act of violence to bludgeon the president and conservatives politically. So predictable.
Now, it was crystal clear what the president was talking about. But the press, they went after him anyway. And the destroy Trump establishment media -- they didn't care about the violence, seemingly, or the racial tensions they're creating or the civil unrest as much as they cared about using this tragedy as an opportunity to attack people they disagree with, and in particular, the president, to try and inflict as much damage politically as possible. You know what? Just like they have done since November 8! That's a simple truth.
So President Trump once again, he came out today. He condemned again what happened, and yes, he called out the groups by name. Take a look.
But you know what? We all know that's not going to be good enough. The media is never going to be satisfied with anything the president says or does because it's not part of their ideology and narrative. They want to paint the president, conservatives, Republicans as racist and bigoted by ignoring what he said this weekend, ignoring him over the years again and again and again condemning white supremacists, people like David Duke.
For example -- let me give you an example. This is Donald Trump over the years, something the destroy Trump media will never show you, condemning Duke, white supremacists. Look.
Bigot, racist, rebuke, repudiate, want nothing to do with. Now, President Trump and the people that voted for him and that support his agenda -- they don't like racists. They don't like bigots. They do not like what went down in Charlottesville. Conservatives that I have known my whole life, Republicans I have known my whole life, people like me -- what was this election about? The forgotten men and women, the people that are out of work, in poverty, on food stamps, the doubling of our national debt.
What was this election about? It was about getting jobs, getting our economy back in shape. It was also about keeping our country safe and secure. That's what this election was about. But yet every two to four years, the left, the Democrats, the media -- they divide Americans by playing the race card every single election!
Remember 1998, radio ad, Missouri, oh, elect a Republican and black churches are going to burn? Or the James Byrd at in 2000, when George Bush supported the death penalty for the guy that brutally murdered an innocent man by the name of James Burr (ph). For example, take a look throughout history.
Notice Al Gore changes his voice, his cadence, his tone. Now, in 1998, before a predominantly black audience -- he even went as far as to say Republicans know that theirs is the wrong agenda for African-Americans. They don't even want to count you in the Census. What a lie!
And then there's President Obama's book, remember? "Audacity of Hope." Where was the media? Remember, he recounted a sermon from Reverend Jeremiah Wright from the church of G-d America, white folks' greed runs a world in need. Was the media outraged over this?
Oh, you're so inspired by Reverend Wright, black liberation ideology -- he sat in the pews of Wright's church for 20 years! Remember Reverend Wright? Remember him attacking U.S. KKK of A, and the Sunday after 9/11, "America's chickens coming home to roost." Take a look.
Twenty-plus years in the church. How many in the media covered Ayers and Dohrn? Well, that's what President Obama started his political career. What about the Nation of Islam leader, Louis Farrakhan, called white people the devil, the skunk of the planet Earth, and has said many racist, anti-semitic things, too many to count.
Recent report, Daily Caller -- well, they're saying that Farrakhan is claiming -- and there's audio of it -- that he met privately with then-Senator Barack Obama in 2008 before he announced his presidential run. And he said that the Nation of Islam supported Barack Obama quietly for president, and when he was a community organizer. Now, of course, as the DailyCaller pointed out, neither Obama or Farrakhan want to talk about that friendship. Has there been any investigation by the media? Pretty shocking.
Well, the media didn't think it was important for you to know these things. They didn't cover a lot of those things. Then there's President Obama's handling -- remember? All the high-profile racial cases when he was president where he jumped to conclusions, rushed to judgment without facts or information? He's supposed to be a lawyer, too. Watch this.
And President Obama also had members from the group -- remember? Black Lives Matter, people chanting things like, "Pigs in a blanket, fry 'em like bacon," talking about cops. Or when they talked about, "What do we want? Dead cops. When do we want them? Now." Oh, they were invited to the White House, where the president praised that group. Take a look.
Remember Hillary Clinton running for president? She praised Black Lives Matter, the same people. "What do we want? Dead cops. When do we want them? Now." Watch her.
You ever see the media talk about these things? This is why shows like this, in my opinion, are different from the liberal mainstream media. They've ignored these examples for decades.
They also -- they don't seem to care about the threats of violence that have been made repeatedly against our current president, President Trump. Remember? This photo was so graphic, we always have to issue the warning. It shows Kathy Griffin posing, ISIS fighter, bloody severed head of President Trump. Johnny Depp talking about killing a president. Madonna talking about blowing up the Trump White House. Really? Take a look.
Imagine, God forbid, somebody said that in the Obama years? Then there's Shakespeare in the park, that performance showing a Trump-like person being brutally stabbed to death.
Also other celebrities, Snoop Dogg, Mickey Rourke advocating for violence against the president. What about -- remember the Bernie Sanders supporter, the one that targeted Republicans at baseball practice, leaving Congressman Steve Scalise fighting for his life? Well, was the media blaming Democrats for that? No, and by the way, they shouldn't have. And I don't blame Bernie, either.
Now, by the way, the left is totally unhinged at this point. This is, sadly, who they are, the double standard they adopt. And by the way, after all these examples where Democrats line up to condemn those people, where are they condemning all the things we're playing tonight? You see, they've got this separate set of rules for Republicans and Democrats.
Every two to four years, Democrats divide the country. They play identity politics. It's been a part of this playbook the Democrats used for generations.
So it's time for the destroy Trump establishment media to start recognizing how they have a massive double standard, that they have an agenda and ideology, because just like, sadly, white supremacists in Charlottesville, hatred of any kind should not be tolerated or ever given a free pass, period, whoever is involved in the hatred, like the hate we saw this weekend.
Joining us with reaction, Salem Radio nationally syndicated host Larry Elder, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clark, Fox News contributor Deroy Murdock.
Sheriff Clark, we'll start with you. Anything I'm saying here that's wrong?
Larry Elder, I've known -- we've known each other for, you know, going back a couple of decades now.
You have taken a lot of heat over a very long, successful career for pointing out a lot of the things I tried to mention in this monologue.
Why the double standard? Have you figured it out?
You know, Deroy, am my right as I watched this weekend -- and I just decided -- I made a decision (INAUDIBLE) watch this. I'm going to absorb this. I took notes all weekend.
All right, stay right there. More with Sheriff Clark, more Larry Elder, more with Deroy Murdock right after the break.
Also tonight, we'll check in with former governor Mike Huckabee. He weighs in on this weekend's horrific events and politicizing of it from Charlottesville straight ahead.
As we continue on "Hannity," that was more of the president's speech, again speaking out more today, condemning all the hatred in all forms in terms of Charlottesville.
We continue with Larry Elder, Sheriff David Clark and Deroy Murdock.
Sheriff, you know, you got one guy -- Maxine Waters, I'm sorry -- tweeting out yesterday, It's the white supremacist White House. You've got a guy in The New York Daily News, Roland (ph) whoever his name is, saying the president has blood on his hands. You got Rob Reiner saying pretty much that the president has been -- you know, literally almost the same exact thing as he goes out and attacks the president and saying that the president has been stoking racism for years.
We just played a montage over the years of him not doing it. And then you look at the media! They just say it and they say it again and again. And I don't know what this means for the country if the public can't get information that is factual anymore.
Larry...
The president jumped the gun on all those cases and ended up, you know, a four-time loser on Cambridge, on Trayvon Martin, on Ferguson, on Freddie Gray, Baltimore, Larry Elder. What about CNN commentator, Trump is unfit to be human, human!
And Donny Deutsch on NBC, Trump's a sniveling coward and a racist.
Wow.
Imagine if a conservative said that about Obama.
What do you think? I'll give you the final word tonight -- to Deroy.
All right, guys, thank you very much. And certainly, the country needs strength and truth now.
Coming up, we'll have more on the abusively biased mainstream establishment media politicizing the events in Charlottesville over the weekend and trying to paint every conservative as a racist in this country. Former governor Mike Huckabee is next.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So as we explained earlier in my opening monologue tonight, when news broke about the horrific events in Charlottesville this weekend, the media, they wasted zero time trying to portray every conservative, every Republican, and the president as racist. Here is more of that disturbing, corrupt, and biased coverage. Take a look.
Joining us now with reaction, former presidential candidate, former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee. Governor, I know you've been very outspoken, but this broad brush, this was almost instantaneous to advance the narrative. Also we see it every two years, every four years, every election. Democrats play this identity politics, Republicans are racist, sexist, misogynistic, xenophobic, Islamophobic, et cetera.
Governor, haven't we ignored this game, elect Republicans, black churches burned, George W. Bush supports the death penalty for the people involved in the evil killing of James Byrd, Al Gore, Republicans don't want to count you in the census. They have the wrong agenda for African- Americans. It happens every four years, and I played a history of Donald Trump condemning white supremacism, the KKK, David Duke, it goes back years. They don't care.
All right, governor, thanks for your calm reason, and seeing this for what it is. And I just wonder if the media ever cares about truth anymore. We have the biggest information crisis.
They really don't. And that I've ever seen.
And coming up on this busy breaking Monday news night here, President Trump condemning hatred, bigotry, violence earlier today again. Will that be enough for the left, for the media? David Webb, Monica Crowley straight ahead.
The president earlier today again condemning the violence that took place in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend. Joining us now with reaction, FOX News contributor David Webb, conservative columnist Monica Crowley. Monica, I'll go to you. The president said what he said, he expanded on it today. It wasn't enough for the media. It was almost the instantaneous politicizing of these events. And we played the history of a president that has condemned white supremacy, condemned David Duke, condemned the KKK, and you would think he never said those tonight things all at those times over the years.
What do you think, David Webb, about the examples I used my opening monologue? The church of Reverend Wright, hanging out with Ayers and Dohrn, inviting Black Lives Matter, it's a story you've covered for us extensively on the show, then invited to the White House. Hillary seeks, after a group saying "What do we want? Dead cops. When do we want them? Now?" How did they get an invitation to the White House, and where was the media then?
All right, guys, thank you for being with us. Sorry we went long tonight.
When we come back, the Department of Justice has now opened up a civil rights investigation into Saturday's deadly car attack in Charlottesville. The Reverend Darrell Scott, Geraldo Rivera weigh in.
That was the president earlier today discussing the federal response to the violence that occurred over the weekend in Charlottesville. Joining us now with reaction, FOX News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera, the senior pastor of the New Spirit Revival Center, the Reverend Darrell Scott. Reverend Scott, you now work on the president's National Diversity Council. You were with him earlier in the campaign. You know him, you've been with him a lot. You heard his statement this weekend, he expanded on it today. I played tapes of him condemning these racist groups over the many, many years. Your reaction to the handling of the media this weekend of this case?
How long have you known me and how long have you known conservatives like me? You know we despise those people. They are not any conservative I know and hang out with our Pastor Scott or you, Geraldo. Every Republican I know hates those people. I don't even know who these alt-right people are.
I don't think so at all.
Pastor, last word. We got to roll.
All right, guys, thank you all.
When we come back, more "Hannity" after the break.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Unfortunately that's all the time we have left this evening. Our thoughts and prayers for all the people in Charlottesville, the family of this young woman, the victim in this case, and those injured. We hope you will set your DVR so you never miss an episode. This show will always be fair and balanced. We are not and will never be the establishment media. A lot more to cover tomorrow night. Thanks for being with us.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 39  ***************************************************
 
show#: 40  ***************************************************
 OK. I not only agree with the president, but I will take it a step further. America's national security was sold out. It was compromised. And as we have been saying, Uranium One, this will be one of the biggest scandals in American history involving a foreign country.
Now, it's already happening right before our very eyes. The Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Senator Chuck Grassley, he rightly tonight is calling for a special counsel to be appointed to investigate the corrupt, crooked Uranium One deal.
All of the evidence, all the facts, all the information we have been exposing and sharing with you night after night will no longer be ignored. Not only will it be investigated, if people broke the law -- and I believe they did -- they will need to go to jail. The media is just barely and clearly reluctantly only now starting to cover this story.
Here's a perfect example. Rachel Maddow and her cult of viewers over at MSNBC conspiracy TV, they had former Attorney General Eric Holder on the show on Monday. She didn't ask him a single question about Uranium One. And Maddow has probably been one of the biggest proponents of pushing the false narrative lies about Trump-Russia collusion. Eric Holder was overseeing the FBI as the head of the Department of Justice as the AG, he was one of the voting members of that committee that approved Uranium One, one of the nine along with Hillary Clinton. And Maddow can't ask him a single question about it? This is beyond media malpractice.
By the way, are all of you people at NBC News proud? Lester Holt, Matt Lauer, you guys proud of this? Megyn Kelly, are you proud of that reporting? Maddow has done a tremendous disservice to you, the American people, who deserve to know the truth in all of this. We're going to have much more on the liberal media bias in a few minutes.
But first, I want to tell you this. We are also learning new stunning information about Hillary Clinton's campaign and the DNC paying millions and millions of dollars to finance what we now know and knew then to be fake news anti-Trump propaganda in that dossier. Now, this is the same document that used current and former Russian government sources to make all kinds of bizarre and salacious and completely fabricated accusations about Donald Trump.
Now, that means that Hillary Clinton and the DNC played a direct role in spreading propaganda, Russian propaganda, misinformation and outright lies to the American people to damage a political opponent and try to alter the outcome of an election. Sound familiar? That's the real Russia collusion.
Now, unlike the lies and the conspiracy theories that the media, the Democrats have been perpetuating and peddling for the last year against the president, in this case, when it comes to the fake news dossier, we have concrete facts, incontrovertible evidence. It is a massive scandal that can no longer be ignored.
Now understand what we are saying here: Clinton, and the DNC paid for Russian lies in this campaign against Donald Trump and the media ran wild with those lies.
And one big question we have tonight is why did James Comey want to pay the guy behind this dossier, Christopher Steele? And The Daily Caller -- by the way, there is one Democratic media talking point today that was debunked there, that a Republican first hired Fusion GPS. That was, excuse me, way before Christopher Steele got involved. This was just basic op research on an opponent.
Now, Hillary Clinton's campaign, they paid for the dirt. They paid for the lies. They paid for the propaganda on Trump. And we're also learning tonight that a nonpartisan group called The Campaign Legal Center has filed a complaint with the FEC saying that Hillary Clinton and the DNC, in fact, broke the law by failing to disclose payments connected to this phony fake news Russian propaganda dossier.
Now, Hillary Clinton and her campaign, they were more than happy to help create and spread Russian disinformation in this campaign against Donald Trump.
And earlier today, President Trump reacted to this explosive scandal and here's what he had to say on that.
Beyond a disgrace. The president also blasted Hillary Clinton during an interview. He was on with our friend Lou Dobbs tonight on our sister network, the Fox Business Network. Watch this.
Now, not only is the dossier phony and by the way not only fake news in this particular case, but Hillary Clinton and her liberal cronies lied repeatedly about their involvement in it. Take a look, for example --don't take my word for it. Look at the tweets from two New York Times reporters after the story broke last night. Maggie Haberman, she tweeted, quote, "Folks involved in funding this lied about it and with sanctimony for a year."
Kenneth Vogel, he tweeted out, quote, "When I tried to report this story, Clinton campaign lawyer Marc Elias, [he] pushed back vigorously saying, 'You (or your sources) are wrong.'" Now when the New York Times starts literally calling Clinton's team liars, you know it's bad.
Brian Fallon, Hillary Clinton's former spokesman, he wouldn't rule out the fact that Hillary, in fact, may have known about the payment for this dossier. Watch this tonight.
They are all running as fast as they can away from Hillary. Even the new DNC Chairman Tom Perez put out a statement saying, "I wasn't personally involved" but never denied that his predecessors were. The Democrats, the media have been complicit in this anti-Trump dossier scandal because they were quick to do the Russians' bidding and spread fake news and work as an extension of the Democratic Party's basically media operation.
Remember, this dossier claimed Donald Trump in the Ritz in Moscow with hookers urinating on his bed. Watch this.
No. It's about Hillary afternoon the DNC paying for Russian lies and you and the media and you and politics in the Democratic Party then spreading lies.
Now, keep in mind, this is the same media for over a year they have been pushing this fake and phony news and black conspiracy helicopter theories about so-called Trump-Russia collusion without any evidence whatsoever. Last night only ABC News reported the House opened the probe into the Uranium One deal. Only one network during the evening newscast.
Now, there is also another major component to this story we cannot discount. The FBI and the Department of Justice have not been cooperating with Congressional Republicans and their attempts to find out more information about this fake news dossier and the group that is behind it, Fusion GPS.
Now the Speaker of the House Paul Ryan -- welcome aboard Mr. Speaker -- even he is now blasting what he is calling attempts to stonewall this massive corruption and investigation.
He could have watched this show. We've been saying it for a while. We've been saying many times also, the Attorney General Jeff Sessions and the Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, they needed to get their heads out of the sand, start getting to the bottom of this real Russian collusion. The American people have a right to know. Tonight, we're finally making progress.
Here with reaction, the Attorney that is representing the FBI informant, Victoria Toensing as well as The Hill's John Solomon, Circa News' Sara Carter. I'm beginning to think you guys are Woodward and Bernstein of our time. Thank you both for being here. I know it's taken a lot of courage on your part and you have taken a lot of personal hits. But now the evidence is all overwhelming.
Victoria, let's start with what we were asking for last night has now come out. That, in fact, the NDA, the nondisclosure. There it is.
I like when my guests come with props. That's great. Tell us what have you got there.
Okay. So the process would be that the NDA will be lifted and the informant and we were told he knew in 2009 and 2010 before the Uranium One deal was done that he had overwhelming evidence that he had emails, that he had documents, that he has tapes that would show the bribery, the racketeering, the corruption, the money laundering and extortion. Is that what we expect to hear?
Where did the money come from, Victoria?
Okay. Sara, let us go to you and John. You guys have been amazing on this. I really give you guys a lot of credit. Okay, let's go to 2009, what did the FBI know and why would people like Robert Mueller, the director of the FBI at the time or Rod Rosenstein, who was the head in the investigation, why would they have ignored this and then, also, the Department of Justice, Eric Holder had to know what the FBI had.
Why would he ever sign off on giving Putin 20 percent of our uranium when the evidence shows he was trying to corner market here?
All right. I wanted to just stay on this and I promise we have plenty of time tonight because you guys are here for a while. So, for four years, this FBI informant, Victoria's client, worked undercover and he discovered a network, if you will, evidence that showed not only did they use money laundering, kickbacks, bribery, extortion, but that they also had the evidence that this was a network that was being built and designed by Moscow and Vladimir Putin to corner uranium market in this country. He knew that. He knew that at the time. Is that what you're saying?
All right. First, we will go to Sara and then we will go to John. Sara?
Victoria?
You know, you have you been a friend for years. You're so tough. It drives me crazy but I love you for it. And I would hire in 20 seconds because you are so good.
All right. John Solomon, let's go to this issue. This is huge. We have all -- if you go back, it's two years since we learned about Uranium One. Peter Schweizer will join us later. You guys have been digging and investigating now for a long time. Bit by bit, you are putting this together. Is this a network? Was Vladimir Putin through agents trying to corner the market on uranium and our FBI knew about it and Eric Holder, the head of the Attorney General, the head of the Department of Justice actually signed off on this?
All right. So John, let me ask you.
So, Bill Clinton gets twice his normal speaking fees in Moscow at the time he is asking his own wife's State Department to get permission for him to meet with nuclear operatives in Russia, people involved in this sort of thing. He then got to meet with Putin. He is being paid by a bank that has a financial interest in Uranium One. Meeting with Putin, wanting to talk to the nuclear officials in Russia, talks to Putin.
The deal gets done but our government knew about the bribery money laundering, you know, all this other corruption. They knew about the whole time. How could you possibly sign that deal and give America's uranium away. And so our country's security out.
Before they signed off on Uranium One?
Forty million before they signed off on Uranium One?
Wouldn't we know from his presidential daily briefing?
All right. You are all staying. So don't go anywhere. We're going to come back. There is so much new information we've got tonight.
All right. We'll have more on all of that. What is turning out to be one of the biggest scandals ever. By the way, if you are as fired up about this story as I am, you can tweet me @SeanHannity on Twitter. We want to know what you think. Gregg Jarrett also joins the discussion, next.
All right. Welcome back to "Hannity." So, earlier tonight, big news, the Department of Justice announced that the FBI informant at the center of this Uranium One scandal will be permitted now to testify and speak out before Congress, that NDA is lifted. We continue with John Solomon from The Hill, Circa News' Sara Carter and the lawyer for this FBI informant, our friend Victoria Toensing.
Also joining us now, Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett who has identified a lot of crimes here. I wanted to go back to where we were though. Victoria, your client is saying, just so we're clear, that the President was made aware in 2009 of all of the bribery, all of the kickbacks, all of the extortion, all of the money laundering and Vladimir Putin's intention to corner the American uranium market. Am I getting that right?
And Mueller and Rosenstein? They knew about it but they are now investigating Trump-Russia collusion? Isn't there a little conflict there?
I couldn't write a novel this bizarre.
Right there. Just the appearance of impropriety. We have so much more. Have you identified -- thank you for handing this to me. I love Gregg. He does all the research. How many crimes?
But let's go to this one issue here. But the fact that they knew that Russia was doing this and they still signed off on it and all the money ended back in the Clintons, I don't see -- to me, who would ever -- just on the face of it, give the hostile nation, media has been telling us about for a year and the hostile act of Vladimir Putin 20 percent of our uranium knowing that his agents are in the United States doing all of this?
To Canada.
Boom.
Wow! Let me go back to John Solomon. John, let's talk a little bit -- Mueller was the FBI agent. Rosenstein was in charge of this investigation. How did they get -- how with that conflict, that they knew all this information, and Eric Holder was the head of the Justice Department at the time, and now, of course, we may have President Obama himself knowing all of this.
How could anybody have allowed this all to happen and allow Moscow and Putin to be successful?
And I would add to this, Sara, I'm not trying to get off track. Your thoughts on Rosenstein and Mueller and it does bring up the question why Mueller never went to Julian Assange, he was the one guy in the world that we know knows that in fact, and he is saying that it wasn't Russia that gave the DNC emails. And Mueller never tried to talk to him. Not one time. Never.
North Korea? Iran comes to mind.
North Korea? Iran comes to mind. Victoria can you tell us that. Did your client save all of the evidence that he had acquired?
Wow. Greg Jarrett, based on what we know, assuming everything that they have been reporting is true, they have documents, emails, tapes, and that millions of dollars and he knows and he was there. He was four years inside this, and they knew in 2009. Are people going to jail this time? Is this it?
And kickbacks to the Clintons and Clinton foundation?
Who are the top people that are in jeopardy?
Eric Holder?
Mueller? Mueller knew.
He should recuse himself. Same with Rosenstein.
Immediately.
Everybody?
All right. I will have you all back tomorrow. You guys have been phenomenal. Thank you for sharing your stories and your time. And it's amazing how the media got it wrong and got it wrong for a long period of time and they are still reluctant even now. Thank you all. Appreciate it. When we come back, one the first people, first guy to expose the uranium one scandal, he broke it right here on the show, Peter Schweizer will join us and Sebastian Gorka. Sebastian Gorka next.
Worse than Watergate. That was the President earlier today weighing in on the severe magnitude of the revelation surrounding this uranium one scandal. Meanwhile the ranking Democrat on the house intel committee, the liberal hack Adam Schiff wants you to believe that this is all just a partisan distraction driven by the Fox News channel, Breitbart and the White House. Watch this.
Yeah, sure. The FBI always finds money laundering and kickbacks, bribery and Vladimir Putin agents trying to corner the Uranium market. All the time, every day. So it is our fault someone is telling the truth. We need someone to remind Schiff that Fox News didn't sign off on the uranium one deal and give 20 percent of our uranium that was Hillary. That was Eric Holder and apparently the President even knew through his Presidential daily briefing. Joining us now the man who got it all started the author of the number one best seller "Clinton Cash" the untold story of how and why foreign governments and businesses helped make Bill and Hillary rich. And from the government accountability institute Peter Schweizer. Former deputy assistant to the president Sebastian Gorka. If I remember, I think I did the first interview for "Clinton Cash" on radio and TV, Peter, correct? Or no?
You warned us 'this. You said there is about 145 million in kickbacks to the Clinton foundation, total?
And that is what Vladimir Putin set out to do our FBI knew it, our Department of Justice knew it. And they still let it happen. That is inconceivable to me.
All right. Dr. Gorka, I don't know any other way to say this. Anybody that will give away uranium to the hostile actor, and if you don't believe Putin is a hostile actor and Russia is a hostile country, listen to Hillary's own words and listen to every Democrat. Listen to everybody in the media what they have been lecturing us about with their phony Trump- Russia collusion story. America's national security was severely compromise here. And we had a chance to stop it. And not only did we not stop it, they made money on it. I don't know any other way to describe this except they sold out our security. Your reaction?
Think back. I remember Donald Trump took a meeting. Donald Trump Jr. one meeting. He said he didn't even remember who was in the meeting, because I asked him. The media went insane. They are still bringing it up.
Hillary Clinton gets 145 million, he gets twice his normal speaking fee. He wants to meet with nuclear officials. He is paid by a bank with a financial interest in uranium one. That is not a big deal to anybody else in the media. I can't stomach the fact these people are so in the tank in the media, in this profession, supposedly, it's despicable what they're doing to the American people. You can't trust them.
All right. You think Mueller is culpable.
He had to know. And Eric Holder knew. And Eric Holder signed off on the deal.
For the phony dossier, the propaganda, the misinformation and the lies that were fed to the American people that were tried to be used, the Russian phony dossier to influence an election. All right, Peter, back to you. The one talking point that you here and even like liberal Joe and all these idiots in the media, you know, they are out there saying well, the fusion GPS first was hired by some Republican donor.
But the fact is, it was general op-research prior to Christopher Steele who went to the Russians, paid for the lies that the media and the Democrats spread on Donald Trump to lie to the American people.
I'm too worked up.
They sold out America's security for money. True or false?
This is bigger than Watergate. The President said this is Watergate. This isn't Watergate.
I have got to run. We are going to find out.
All right. Peter, you should take a bow to years ago on this program you broke this story. We will stay on it. We will show you some more of the despicable attempts by the media to down play that as our "Fox & Friends" host Ainsley Earhardt and Brian Kilmeade are coming up next.
Welcome back to Hannity so following the revelation of the Clinton campaign, the DNC funded that fake news dossier, while the mainstream media continue to downplay this ever important connection and of course blame Republicans. It is Republicans fault, Donald Trump fault. Look at this.
All right. Here now with reaction author of the brand new book Andrew Jackson and miracle of New Orleans, the battle that shaped America's destiny. "Fox & Friends" co-host Brian Kilmeade but the real star of "Fox & Friends" the author, we just found out just before the show debuting like her first book number one on The New York Times best seller list and that is Ainsley Earhardt.
Through your eyes.
Congratulations. We didn't write the book. You did it?
You just heard everyone. Everybody like sheep in the media. And these people same talking points. Republican donor funder. Here is what the daily caller pointed out today. In reality the GOP donor funded standard op-research, but bowed out before fusion hired Christopher Steele who paid the Russians for the dirt that turned out to be lies against Donald Trump. You lie on MSNBC and CNN. You are all liars. And sadly you are lying to the American people.
GOP donor bowed out before fusion hired Christopher Steele the former mi-6 agent that paid Russians for false information about hookers urinating on a bed at the Ritz Carlton in Moscow.
I want to get both your take on this. Just think for a minute. If there was, in fact, surveillance and wiretapping and, of course, unmasking and leaking, was all of this the result of the phony Russian funded dossier that Hillary paid for? Think of the possibilities of how this can all now circle back that all of this is now going to unfold and it is going, we're now going to be the Clinton-Russia collusion to her Donald Trump predicated on propaganda, misinformation and a lie.
Not by accident.
Absolutely.
You guys have been reporting it congrats on the book. Amazon.com, hannity.com book stores everywhere. More "Hannity" right after this.
Big news in only two short days, two. You will finally be able to see a project I'm so proud of we have been working on two years. It's already an award winning film, I'm an executive producer. It's called "Let There Be Light." Theater all across America, opens Friday. I hope you will go and tell all your friends and church friends and work friends and everybody. Find the viewing locations. We are an independent film. We will open in 4 or 500 theaters. Hannity.com. here's a sneak peek.
This movie, I promise, will touch your heart, your mind, and even your soul. Everybody that I have shown the movie to, all of them have cried. You may want to bring tissues. It opens Friday, Hannity.com. I hope you will go and tell your friends about it. That is all the time we have for this evening. We will never be the left wing media, ever, obviously. Bill Hemmer is next. Thank for being with us, see you tomorrow.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 41  ***************************************************
 Now, the former FBI Director James Comey, and the current director of the NSA Admiral Mike Rogers, have also said the same thing. Now, on top of that, we also have the former director of national intelligence, Clapper, and several prominent Democrats admitting -- we have played this before -- no smoking gun that they have seen, no evidence whatsoever in spite of thousands of hours of black helicopter tinfoil hat conspiracy coverage of Russia collusion. Watch the Democrats and security intelligence agencies tell you directly!
Now that we have once again -- I don't think anyone else in the media does this -- we have shot down these pathetic attempts to smear President Trump. I want to now ask some very serious questions about this alleged leaker.
Now, do I trust Vladimir Putin? No, nobody does. Former KGB guy. But here's the important part. WikiLeaks has been saying the same thing. Now, WikiLeaks, like them or not, they have not been proven wrong once, not one time in 11 years.
So could it be possible -- and we don't have all the information at this point. It'll include a deeper dive on our part and the parts of others. But I want to be very clear here. I would argue -- and this is important - - 99.9 percent of those that do work in our intelligence community I believe are good people. They're patriotic Americans. They're brave. They work to keep us safe in a very evil, dark and dangerous world. They have nothing to do with any of this deep state stuff.
But the big problem we have in this country is this. We have deep state selective leaking that is designed by some in power that clearly want to hurt and I would argue even take down the president of the United States and overturn the election that you voted for last November.
You have these Obama holdovers. You have -- for example, if this young woman is a minnow, then you have the deep state sharks at the top of the food chain that would be orchestrating this sabotage and misuse of our intelligence community. We need to find out who they are. They need to go and be removed because they're hurting the country and they're purposely advancing their own political agenda and weaponizing the use of intelligence that only should be used for our security.
Now, also tonight, ABC News is reporting that James Comey, all right, is testifying Thursday before Congress, will, quote, "stop short of saying that President Trump obstructed justice." By the way, that's a smart move for the former FBI director because as we've been telling you, he was never going to say that.
Want to know why? Take a look at the side of your screen. As my friend, colleague Gregg Jarrett pointed out, "If Comey thought Trump did anything wrong back in January," oh, yes, "he would have broken those two laws because he had a legal obligation to come forward and tell people." And by the way, on May 3rd, well, James Comey also said it never happened. So he'd be contradicting himself.
Also, earlier today, President Trump wished Comey good luck on Thursday.
Also tonight, one last point. Sara Carter, John Solomon are out with a huge story. Here's the headline. "Ex-intel contractor sues Comey alleging FBI covered up mass civil liberties violations."
And joining us now with their special report and more, Sara Carter, John Solomon. John, I'll start with you. Anything I'm saying here that's wrong, in your view?
And Sara, so what your report is saying here is you have an ex- intel contractor suing Comey, saying that the FBI on a mass scale covered up mass civil liberties violations against Americans and he has evidence. Isn't that a little bit bigger than Russia collusion with no evidence, as I just proved up to this point?
Oh, my gosh.
Did Comey know about this? Because the headline is that he's suing Comey, alleging this mass coverup of civil liberties violations, and you're telling me 20 million -- 20 million? This is the biggest...
Wow! Did Comey know?
Wow!
All right. John, I'll give you the last word. I'm imagining that if it's more information than even Edward Snowden, that there's beyond smoking gun evidence here. When will the American people see this?
And you've been able to see what evidence?
Guys, we'll have you back tomorrow. This is huge! Thank you for your hard work. This is important for our Constitution and you, the American people. We'll continue on this story, I promise.
And up next tonight on this busy breaking news night on "Hannity"...
President Trump's son, Eric Trump, calls out the Democrats and members of the mainstream media on the issue of the Russia collusion story. He calls it a hoax. Also talks about the abuse of his family. He's in studio.
And also tonight, new information about the three London terrorists, one featured in an almost year-long documentary, "The Jihadis Next Door," saying, Allah-u Akbar and under the ISIS flag. Why was he even in the country? Laura Ingraham weighs in. Also, Mike Huckabee, Lou Dobbs tonight.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So with the destroy Trump media floating baseless Russia conspiracy theories every second of every day, and of course, Democrats on Capitol Hill desperately searching for any evidence of collusion, well, President Trump's sons -- they are now coming to his defense and they're speaking out, with Eric Trump now calling the Russia probe, quote, "the greatest hoax of all time."
Joining us now, the man himself, executive vice president of the Trump Organization, Eric Trump. How are you?
Don't you wish you went to Washington so you could be dealing with this every second of every day?
You're right.
Eric, I got to tell...
I actually wouldn't (ph) use the term with Kathy Griffin, and a CNN anchor calling your father a piece of (INAUDIBLE) all right? And a conspiracy theory that every intelligence officer and top Democrats have all said there's no evidence of, and thousands of hours of coverage. But they've gone after your 11-year-old brother, they've gone after your soon to be born child. They've gone after you, which is fine. Don, you guys probably are more fair game.
But really, your sister and really the first lady? And really Kellyanne and anybody that seems to like your father? They want to -- what -- I say they want to delegitimize his presidency. They want to stop his agenda, and if they can, they want to impeach him.
That's right.
By the age of what? By the...
I really feel your outrage because I'm here reporting it, reading it, seeing it every night. I think your criticism is dead on accurate. I've said journalism is dead. It's dead and buried and it's horrible.
You know, look at the -- what is your reaction to the Russia collusion theory with no evidence, Clapper no evidence, Admiral Rogers no evidence, Comey, Brennan no evidence, Feinstein, Maxine Waters, Manchin, Warner -- it just no evidence. Thousands of hours of coverage.
How -- do you worry that this goes even further? Because I actually think that it was such a shock and trauma to their system because nobody saw it coming because they were so biased and even the media colluding with the Clinton campaign. I don't know where this ends. This is now -- we set a new low -- Kathy Griffin, for example.
Your 11-year-old brother saw this, right?
Right.
First lady.
Your sister.
I think I'm the only person that ever reports the success or the things he's accomplished and the promises he's kept.
I can totally understand the passion that you're showing. Eric, great to see you. Thanks for being with us.
Congratulations on the baby, too.
All right, when we come back, one of the London terror suspects actually appears in a year-long documentary called "The Jihadi Next Door." Why was he in the country? Also, a report tonight that he worked on the London underground. That's right, the terrorist. Laura Ingraham has reaction.
Plus, President Trump calls out the mainstream media for their abusively biased reporting. We'll check in with Mike Huckabee, also Lou Dobbs tonight on this busy breaking news night tonight here on "Hannity."
Welcome back to "Hannity." So the world remains on edge as terrorists continue launching attacks against the west. Earlier today the third London terrorist was in fact identified. Now, the 22-year-old was reportedly detained last year while attempting to travel to Syria from Italy. And as we showed you yesterday, according to reports, one of the other London terrorists, there he is on the screen, was featured in a 2016 documentary that went on for almost a year called "The Jihadis Next Door." Major news organizations like even the New York Times, even CNN, Sky News, also reported that the suspect is in the film. British metropolitan police, they have not confirmed if the suspect did in fact appear in the documentary. However, Channel 4 put up video on its Facebook page, and by the way, they ran the series that features a scene. Pay very close attention to the ISIS flag and what he says.
Now media outlets are also reporting that he worked for a short time on the London Underground and could have had access to the subway tunnels. But the attacks are not restricted just to the U.K. Yesterday, Melbourne, Australia, an alleged terrorist killed a man and held a woman hostage. And today a man attacked a police officer with a hammer near Notre Dame cathedral in Paris, France, and reportedly screamed "This is for Syria!"
Here now with reaction, editor in chief of Lifezette, Fox News contributor, national syndicated radio host, Laura Ingraham. All right, really? "The Jihadis Next Door," it goes on for nearly a year, ISIS flag, Sharia will be the rule of London at 10 Downing Street, and they let him stay. How in God's name is that possible? That is obscene to me. Go ahead.
But remember, there has been an attempt at accommodation. All across Europe, 80 plus Sharia courts in Great Britain, the guy is saying "Allahu Akbar." The guy actually said Sharia is coming to the U.K. The black flag, the ISIS flag you see here one day is going to be at 10 Downing Street. What's going to happen, you're going to face a backlash in this country. They let him do "The Real Jihadis of Beverly Hills" like show and they didn't arrest the guy, it is beyond comprehension.
Laura, thanks for being with us.
When we come back, President Trump laces into the mainstream media in a series of tweets this morning. By the way, can you blame him? This of course after, there you have it -- CNN, you can see, oh, this is where you're going to stand, this is how you're going to hold up your signs, and literally staging a protest. We will get reaction from former governor Mike Huckabee.
And also tonight --
Crybaby sore loser Tim Kaine trying to push the Russia conspiracy theory in saying that's what cost him and Hillary the election. Lou Dobbs has reaction straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So the destroy-Trump-media, well, they are working overtime. They're hell-bent on taking down the president and his administration. The president, he's fighting back. This morning he tweeted, quote, "The fake mainstream media is working so hard trying to get me not to use social media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out." He went on to write "Sorry folks, but if I would have relied on the fake news of CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, "Washington Post," New York Times, I would have had zero chance of winning the White House."
By the way, and speaking of fake news, CNN, the Clinton News Network, they continue to receive widespread backlash tonight after being caught on tape. Look at this, they are literally orchestrating a group of anti-terror Muslim demonstrators. You see the guy in the white shirt? He says we are going to stand here. And OK, everybody put your signs up this high so we get to see your sign and your face. CNN can deny it all they want that they were staging protesters, saying it's nonsense, but as you can see, yes, it looks like they are staging a protest. Quiet on the set. Quiet on the set. Fake news in three, two, one, action.
Now, if that's the news network that the president, by the way, would want to use for a conduit, I don't think so. It wouldn't be smart. Joining us now, former presidential candidate, governor of Arkansas, Fox News contributor Mike Huckabee. All right, I'm going to keep rolling this tape. This cracks me up. You've got the guy in the white shirt there. He's literally saying sit here, and then he shows everybody how to hold up their placards and their protests signs. What do you think when you saw this? It's two-and-a-half minutes.
Governor, I don't think I've ever seen it this bad. I see that the media, number one, they never thought Trump could win, did they?
Then he won. They so want to delegitimize him, stop his agenda, and really undermine the votes of the American people. That's where it gets, to me, elitist, insulting, and actually, frankly, dangerous with the power they can have.
I want to play CNN reporting on Trump's ice cream habits, but they've also reported on his mental competency. MSNBC has done the same thing. And they've also, does he have a hand phobia, and does he have a ramp and a stairs phobia? Just watch the ice cream one because this is so superfluous in the age of ISIS and 50 million Americans on food stamps and on poverty, and 95 million out of the labor force, this is what they think is news. Watch this.
If you add another host saying the president is a piece of you- know-what, and then you have Kathy Griffin in her little ISIS pose with the president's head, it seems to me if any of this happened in the Obama years, what would have happened? What would have been the reaction?
Governor, great to see you.
And coming up next on this busy breaking news night tonight, thanks for being with us here on HANNITY --
Crybaby sore loser Senator Tim Kane continues to peddle this black helicopter Russia conspiracy theory. Lou Dobbs will react. That's coming up next.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So earlier today crybaby sore loser Senator Tim Kaine refused to take the blame for the blistering 2016 election loss and continues to push the Trump-Russia collusion conspiracy theory even though there's no evidence, none, zip, nada. Watch this.
Here with reaction, he's laughing, from the FOX Business Network, our friend Lou Dobbs. By the way, if it's so bad to influence elections, didn't Obama try to influence the Israeli election?
And every -- Comey and Clapper and Rogers and Mark Warner and Feinstein and Maxine Waters and Joe -- they have all said no evidence of collusion.
It's unfair. You are making me laugh every time you're on this show. That's not fair. It's disarming.
Go ahead.
No evidence.
Let me put on the screen, and this just happened last week, and we showed our audience. These were all of Hillary's excuses just last week in the last week alone, who she blames for the election. There's one thing missing on that list. How about blaming herself?
He was not good in that debate.
Are you worried to the extent that the media's groupthink one voice and a narrative with no evidence that has consumed thousands of hours? For example, I knew Comey wasn't going to say on Thursday that the president tried to obstruct justice, and I will tell you why. Because in May he said it didn't happen and he's on tape, and 18 USC-4 would mean he have committed a felony that he didn't report it in January when Trump mentioned Flynn.
He would be thrown into pokey.
All right, Lou, I've got to roll.
Good to see you.
Weeknights, 7:00, Fox Business Network.
And when we come back, this is a really important question. Lou said he's going to go online and he's going to give his answer. Our "Question of the Day," your help needed, straight ahead.
All right, time for tonight's "Question of the Day." So in the wake of these deadly terror attacks, do we need extreme vetting? In the United States more than ever, so we're not like Europe. We've already had enough attack here. We want to hear from you, Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
By the way, you have something to say, nice or mean, it doesn't matter, the Hannity Hotline, 877-225-8587. And we're going to be playing more of your calls tomorrow night.
That's all the time I have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. We'll see you back here tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 42  ***************************************************
 Whoa, wait a minute! Why is James Comey only revealing this information now? And we're really supposed to believe that Huma Abedin had no idea that sending classified material to Anthony Weiner's laptop isn't a crime? Aren't we supposed to protect that? Well, how stupid do they think we are?
Now, he should, Comey, at a minimum, have done a full investigation of Abedin, and of course, there's Hillary Clinton. Last night, President Trump tweeted this, "FBI director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds. The phony Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign."
Now, the president's actually 100 percent right. Clinton got a free pass, and so did Abedin and that creepy Anthony Weiner guy.
Now, take a look at the side of your screen. Our friend, Jay Sekulow, who will join us in just a minute -- look at the laws that he put together, a list of laws that Hillary Clinton very well would have broken and has broken.
Now, if it was you or if it was me or Jay or Monica, who's going to join us -- if we did a tiny fraction of what they did, well, we'd be wearing a striped suit, orange suit, and sitting in a nice little tiny cell somewhere.
Then there's the issue of the alt-radical left and their bizarre ongoing conspiracy without any evidence about President Trump colluding with the Russians in the lead-up to the election. Now, Comey has been more than forthcoming with information about Hillary Clinton's server scandal and that investigation, of course. But when Democratic Senator Al "The Crazy Man" Franken asked Comey about the so-called Russia collusion story -- "No comment here. We don't comment on these things." Watch this.
How many months you been investigating this? Really? And you won't say anything?
Now, Comey was also asked about former Obama attorney General Loretta Lynch, and her infamous meeting with Bill Clinton, remember, on the airplane tarmac, 40 minutes talking about their kids and grandkids. That was back in June. Now, of course, that was in the middle of a campaign that Hillary was being investigated. And then, of course, Loretta Lynch made an announcement shortly thereafter. Watch this.
Oh, the capper for you? OK, but you won't condemn what Loretta Lynch did and you praise her? Now, that tarmac meeting was a slap in the face to everything the American justice system is supposed to stand for.
By the way, also tonight, a very disturbing report from the AP about your privacy. Now, the AP is reporting that last year, under the Obama administration, that the federal government requested that the identities of 1,900-plus of your fellow Americans were caught up in NSA surveillance, be unmasked. Over 1,900!
And by the way, we're also learning tonight that former Obama National Security Adviser Susan Rice, who, of course, is at the heart of the massive unmasking of people that are tied to the Trump campaign scandal -- oh, really? She's not going to testify before a Senate subcommittee next week?
Here with reaction, from the American Center for Law and Justice, Jay Sekulow, conservative commentator, of course, our friend, Monica Crowley.
All right, let's put it back on the screen, Jay. Let's go over the potential laws that we're talking about here. And isn't it illegal to send classified material, special access program material -- isn't that in and of itself a violation of the law?
OK...
Jay, with all due respect, with the facts as we know them -- facts -- they all committed felonies here! Am I wrong?
Wow.
Yes, me, too. And this doesn't even begin to get into -- we don't even know if there's an investigation...
... about all the millions of dollars, Monica, that were paid to the Clinton Foundation, these exorbitant, double the normal rate fees, Moscow speeches, Bill Clinton, but all the people associated with her signing off personally 20 percent of American uranium going to Russia. Now, the liberal news networks will not focus on that aspect of Russia that we know is true, not the conspiracy they've been spreading now for months.
All right, Jay, fundamentally, the average person watching this show knows instinctively that if a Republican did this or you did this or Monica did this, this would have been taken to the Nth degree of the law!
And it hasn't happened yet! Why aren't the Republicans pushing it? Why isn't the Justice Department all over these things? Because the statute of limitations haven't expired here.
Doubtful.
Perfect question.
This last question. We only have about 30 seconds, I'm sorry. What about the unmasking? What about -- over 1,900 Americans in one year unmasked? And we know seemingly that they were targeting the Trump campaign at the time?
Unmasking.
All right...
Absolutely. All right, guys, stay right there. I appreciate you both being with us.
Up next, hold onto your -- hold onto your hats. Looks like Republicans getting a win on health care. I will explain the details in tonight's mini monologue. We'll get reaction from Maria Bartiromo, Juan Williams.
And also tonight...
Outrage going very quickly to fire Stephen Colbert because of his lewd monologue from Monday night. We'll ask Geraldo Rivera, Herman Cain, what his fate should be. They'll join us with reaction.
Also, the counselor to the president, Kellyanne Conway, will join us on this busy news night.
All right, welcome back to "Hannity." All right, tonight, Congress finally appears to be inching closer towards finally repealing and replacing "ObamaCare." I am being told it could come as early as tomorrow. If House Republicans do this right and form a consensus and pass the legislation, that will improve the lives of you, the American people. It'll be a huge win for the president, yes, even Republican lawmakers, but more importantly, the American people finally get what was promised. That is tonight's mini monologue.
All right, finally, it's happening, it's here, perhaps. Yes, we're hearing tonight a deal between Republican lawmakers on the bill to repeal and replace ObamaCare is close to being done. Here's what Speaker of the House Paul Ryan said earlier today on my friend Hugh Hewitt's show. Take a listen.
Yes! We're getting close. All right, President Trump -- he ran on a promise, as did all Republicans, by the way, to repeal and replace ObamaCare, and now it looks like Congress is finally going to back him up and make it happen. Well, better happen at some point, sooner rather than later would have been better.
But good news is on the horizon, and I've got to give credit where credit is due. The House Freedom Caucus, they deserve a lot of credit for getting this done. They never stopped working behind the scenes since that Friday they canceled the vote.
Now, while there is much to celebrate tonight, finally, it is important for Republican congressional leaders, please learn from your past mistake here. This can't happen again. You heard me say on this show over and over again, the next time a major piece of legislation is being worked on, get everybody together, members of leadership, the Freedom Caucus, the Tuesday Group, the Study Group, the moderates, Senate leaders, the Saturday night drinking group, get everybody -- White House staffers -- into a room behind closed doors, no phones, no cameras. Hammer out an agreement before you announce it and roll it out and then fight about it on cable television.
Now, the president laid out an aggressive agenda. The American people voted for that agenda. There's no time to waste.
Joining us now, the host of "Mornings With Maria" on the Fox Business Network, Maria Bartiromo, and the co-host of the hit show "The Five," now in primetime, our friend Juan Williams."
Maria, we've wanted this for such a long time. I was frustrated how it was rolled out. If they get this done -- and the Freedom Caucus is supporting it...
... and they worked hard, and it's not going to be perfect because you got this disparate groups there -- they get this done, this is such a big step. Will they learn now that this -- there's a better way to do this?
They have another recess?
And how long are they off for this time?
Oh!
I want the schedule!
Yes.
You think it was strategically smart for Donald Trump to say, OK, I'll shut down the government in September, we're going to make sure sanctuary cities, Planned Parenthood, the border wall are built -- that's OK for fighting in September, Let's get health care done. Let's get my economic deal done.
Really?
Strategic decision.
All right, Juan, I know you're -- you're -- you're -- you love President Obama, big supporter. This is a big blow. It seems what the tipping point came down to is something that I actually like a lot, and that is the waiver that allows the states to get out of all of this, should they choose. And I like sending things back to the states.
But that's not really...
No, no, no! I was on their side!
Let me tell you why you're -- I think -- well, no, because the Senate has actually been kept in the loop here, and that I know for a fact.
No, no!
It's not going to blow up in conference, in my opinion. And because they -- Ted Cruz has been in the negotiation. So has Rand Paul at different times.
All right, but hang on. Let's not get distracted. What I will tell you is thing. And I talked to Jim Jordan on my radio show today and I talked to Mark Meadows yesterday on this show. And what they're saying is, Wow, OK, we've got moderates within our party, but -- we can't do everything we want now, but this will also ultimately lead to health care savings accounts, lower premiums, more...
Hang on -- more options, better care. Well, you say that, but -- I'll go to Maria, a $5,400 on average increase for Americans, not including this year, and millions lost their doctors and plans.
That was it.
So it's a much better bill than the one they didn't vote on.
Juan, let me ask you this...
I got a question...
You guys.
All right, Juan...
... by double digits.
Juan, let me...
I know you want to just attack it and tear it apart and...
But neither was the 2015 bill that everyone talks about. That was not a full repeal, either.
Here's my question for you, Juan. President Obama promised that the average family would save $2,500 a year, people would not lose their doctors and not lose their care. And you know what? It was a $5,400 on average family increase, 117 percent increase on top of that in Arizona this year. And millions lost their doctors and plans, Juan! I've never heard you say Obama broke his word and didn't keep his promise and it never lived up to its phony selling and billing.
Keep your doctor?
Keep your care?
Save money?
I got to go.
Juan, the president -- President Obama lied to us.
Oh!
I didn't promise to keep your doctor, plan and save $2,500 a year and it went up...
... on "Hannity."
CBS facing massive backlash over Stephen Colbert's vicious, vile, hateful monologue about President Trump. We'll check in with Geraldo and Herman Cain. That's next.
And also tonight...
Ouch! David Axelrod pushing back on Hillary Clinton's excuses for her election loss. Reaction from Kellyanne Conway. That and more on this busy news night tonight here on "Hannity."
So late show host Stephen Colbert is coming under fire after attacking President Trump in a very vital, crude monologue during his show on Monday night. Now, Colbert went on the attack after the president called the CBS Sunday morning show, quote, "Deface the Nation," and ended an interview with John Dickerson quite abruptly. Here's how vicious Colbert was, take a look.
We can't show you the worst of it, it was that bad. And now some are calling for Colbert to be fired over this. Now, let me be clear, I wrote on Twitter earlier today, "I do not support the fire Colbert movement. Demanding that people get fired for making political comments that some disagree with is exactly what the left is always doing to conservatives." That's why we are taped in my case four hours a day, three hours on radio, one hour on TV, that they can find one thing that I say they don't like and start a boycott and try and silence me and other conservative voices.
Today we did reach out to CBS for a statement on the controversy. They got back to us but said no comment. Joining us with reaction, FOX News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera, former presidential candidate, FOX News contributor Herman Cain. Herman, I'll start with you because you -- Geraldo, not so much because Geraldo is sort of like grandfathered in. Geraldo can never get in enough trouble, although I love his iconoclastic nature.
Enough about you. But Herman, every minute of every day, you, me, Rush, Mark, Laura, every talk show host in America, we're all taped. Every minute of every conservative on the FOX News Channel is taped to grab one word, sentence, phrase, they can start a boycott. And it's really just a roundabout way to silence opposition voices. I've never supported the boycotts. Me and Rush Limbaugh defended Bill Maher when he was on ABC and they fired him. What are your thoughts on this?
And that was another point I made on Twitter. If you don't like it, we have a million options now. Turn the channel. Watch Kimmel, watch Fallon, watch Tucker's rerun. You've got a million options out there.
Listen, he's vile, he crude, he's ugly. I think it's mean- spirited. By the way, he should be thanking Donald Trump as he revitalized his dying career in many ways with his fierce, angry opposition. But fire Colbert? Do we really. You see the danger, Geraldo.
I call them liberal fascism.
Herman?
Well said, both you, appreciate it. Interesting, conservatives are consistent. Conservatives are the ones that defend free speech. I would have no problem, any liberal, anything, I didn't like Ahmadinejad speaking at Columbia. I didn't see protesters there. Guys, good to see you both.
Up next on this busy news night tonight here on the "Hannity."
David Axelrod calling out Hillary Clinton for saying FBI Director Jim Comey was part of the reason she lost in November. She won't take responsibility. We get exclusive reaction tonight from Kellyanne Conway.
Also tonight coming up --
The president meeting with the Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas earlier today at the White House. Former Governor Mike Huckabee who just got back from Israel, he has exclusive reaction straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So after Hillary Clinton blamed, let's see, the FBI director, James Comey, Russia, WikiLeaks for her election loss, former senior Obama advisor David Axelrod had this to say about her many, many excuses. Watch this.
And earlier tonight I spoke with the counsel to the president, Kellyanne Conway.
Kellyanne, welcome back. Good to see you.
All right, I don't usually say I agree with David Axelrod, but I think his analysis is right. Is it that she thought she had Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Ohio in the bag? Was it just arrogance, an air of arrogance around the campaign, now they're just trying to make excuses?
To meet, it's sort of a disconnect, but we see this in the Mayday rallies. We see the rhetoric among the Democratic Party, the obstructionism, all of those things. It's really culminated, and maybe I've been more defensive because we've been friends for more than two decades about the treatments that you've had in the press. Now you've got this "fire Colbert" campaign started. I don't participate in boycotts. What he said was despicable, disgusting, just like so many other things that have been said about the president. I know you have been dismissive about personal attacks you've taken, which I think have been pretty brutal and unfair. What about when you hear horrible things like that and then you see this effort now, fire Colbert, beginning?
Kellyanne, good to see you, by the way It's spring in D.C. behind you there.
Good to see you. Thank you.
Coming up next on this busy news night tonight, we're glad you're with us tonight on "Hannity."
The president met with Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas earlier today at the White House. When I was in Israel a few weeks ago, the prime minister of Israel Netanyahu, he told me that the first test for peace is Abbas to stop paying and rewarding terrorists and their families. Up next we'll get reaction from former governor Mike Huckabee, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So earlier today President Trump met with Palestinian Authority leader Mahmoud Abbas at the White House White. They held a joint press conference were President Trump called for peace between the Israelis and Palestinians, let's take a look.
When I was recently in Israel, I asked the Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, about the prospect of peace and the Palestinian Authority that actually as a matter of law reward terrorist for attacking and killing Israelis. This was his response.
Here with reaction, former Arkansas governor, Fox News contributor Mike Huckabee. He just returned from Israel a couple of days ago.
Governor, this is a matter of law with the Palestinian Authority. One, they don't recognize Israel's right to exist. Number two, as a matter of law they pay terrorists or their families, and/or their families that remain after they kill Israelis or Americans. That's a matter of law. How do you begin the peace process if you're spending hundreds of millions of dollars paying these families and rewarding them for killing Israelis?
Agreed. I know the president is thinking about that. I agree that that should happen. But even with that said, I actually took a tour of the old city. I had a little extra time this trip which I didn't have on previous trips where you have the Armenian sector and the Muslim sector and the Jewish sector and the Christian sector. And it's amazing in this very small area of space that there can be peaceful coexistence. But again, the P.A. is paying a terrorists as a matter of law, and they don't recognize Israel's right to exist. Where do you begin the discussion in terms of peace? I don't think you can until they change.
All right, governor, good to see you as always. Hope you had a good trip, and we appreciate you being with us.
When we come back we need your help, a really important "Question of the Day." Apparently some of you don't like me, I have no idea why. We have the voicemails you left for me on the Hannity hotline, straight ahead.
Time for the "Question of the Day." Do you think Stephen Colbert crossed the line with his comments? And there is an effort out there, "Fire Colbert." Do you agree with those boycotts? I personally don't. We want to hear from you. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think. All right, time to play messages you left for me, sometimes nice, sometimes mean. It's the Hannity hotline.
So many of you have been really, really amazing. It's very humbling. I know I don't have this camera, my radio microphone without your support every day. I will try and earn it, I promise. Thank you. It means a lot.
You have something you want to say to me? It doesn't have to be nice. It can be mean. Call the number on your screen right there, 877-225-8587. That's all the time we have left this evening. Thanks for being with us. See back here tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 43  ***************************************************
 
show#: 44  ***************************************************
 
show#: 45  ***************************************************
 
show#: 46  ***************************************************
 If it wasn't so serious, it would be funny. Now, these media fascists, they've been going after the president non-stop since November the 9th. But as we've seen, the commander-in-chief to his credit refuses to sit back and take it. He's been fighting back at everything that has been thrown at him.
Now, this has obviously frustrated the destroy Trump hate Trump media, and since they can't take down the big prize, President Trump, they're now redirecting some of their attacks and targeting every White House adviser -- by the way, even the first lady, members of the president's family, his daughter. Even the president's 10-year-old son is a target.
Now, tonight, it's time to label what we're seeing for what it really is, and that's why I call it media fascism.
Anyway, joining us with reaction, editor-in-chief Lifezette, Fox News contributor, nationally syndicated radio host -- do you have any more titles -- Laura Ingraham is with us.
You can say anything on this show. Once...
So here's my point on this. I've got it. You've been in the public eye. We've basically been in the -- we've come up the ranks together, if you will.
And I'm used to -- I have broad shoulders. I've been called everything. There's nothing I can't think of that I haven't been called.
And frankly, I -- it doesn't even bother me. If people ask me, Does this bother you, I'm, like, No. Maybe it should. Maybe I have a missing chip. I should bother me. But this is more serious. Every minute of your talk show, every minute you're on this show, every day, they're hoping you say something wrong, and then they can boycott you, shut you down, silence you and end your ability to give opinions. That's media fascism. That is bias.
It was a great book. I got to give him credit. It was, you know, so good.
Maybe I should have given him attribution last night. All right...
... Jonah Goldberg gets it. Well deserved.
Well, that's the key here...
It's so pathetic. You know, and here's the sinister and dangerous part of this. This is now well organized and it's well funded.
I mean, do you think that -- what a loser, that they sit in their basement three hours a day monitoring every word you say on your radio show. By the way, and me, too.
Get a life. Grow up. That's why I would never support never support boycotts because really, it's just a roundabout way of silencing opposition.
I'll tell you a quick story. So a friend of ours, mutual friend -- I'll tell you off air -- going into the White House, I sent them an e-mail. I said, Please, no going in. They want this president impeached, handcuffed, mug shot, perp walk, put in jail. They will stop at nothing to destroy him. But in the process, they're going to have as much collateral damage - - as a matter of fact, the more the merrier -- of anybody around him. And I advised this person, get a lawyer, understand all ethics rules, dot every I, cross every T because they will attack. I think I've been proven right and I'm not paranoid.
All right, Laura, great points, as always. All right, we'll come back. We'll have more with Laura Ingraham after the break.
Coming up next...
All right, the president puts the liberal spin to rest. He says the border wall will be built. Now, this as a federal judge blocks his executive order that targets sanctuary cities. Laura will weigh in.
And also tonight...
Tomorrow, President Trump's 100 days in office. The RNC is highlighting the unprecedented opposition from Democrats. We'll play the ad. We'll get reaction. Kellyanne Conway is here tonight.
And later, Ivanka Trump speaks up at a women's forum in Germany earlier today. She gets booed and hissed at. Well, the liberal fascists seem to know no bounds. That's as we continue tonight on "Hannity."
By the way, we have the lowest illegal immigration rate in 17 years because this president is actually enforcing the laws. Now, that was the president earlier today saying, Yes, the border wall will be built. And earlier today, a federal judge -- shocking! -- in San Francisco blocked the president's executive order to withhold money to sanctuary cities.
We continue with the editor-in-chief of Lifezette, nationally syndicated radio host, Fox News contributor Laura Ingraham.
You know, I'm going to go through the list of accomplishments of the president in the next segment here. And I guess what's so interesting about this is, all right, so we have a continuing resolution. Democrats threaten to shut down the government on Friday or Saturday. The president says, All right, I'll take funding for the wall off the table. And everyone's, like, He's given up on the wall. No, he hasn't!
To start the wall.
Because, you know, it's funny. Obama's president, they're afraid Obama will blame will blame them for shutting down the government. Now Trump's president, they're still afraid of their own shadow.
And I'll get to that in a second here. To me, though -- and I was glad to hear the president so adamantly say, We're building the wall...
... because if he doesn't fulfill that promise, I think that would be the equivalent of...
... George Herbert Walker Bush, "Read my lips, no more taxes"...
Paul Ryan maybe?
It took you a second. Well, you caught...
I agree. Now that brings me to my next criticism, and that is, OK, they wanted the House in 2010, the Senate in 2014.
They were not prepared when Donald Trump won. And how they didn't have a health care bill -- now, my understanding is they now have one. Thankfully, the Freedom Caucus, the Tuesday Group, the Saturday drinking group, the moderate caucus, the study group -- they all came together that we finally -- looks like we have a deal. And the president will sign it, then they'll send it to the Senate. But the fact that they weren't prepared really annoys me.
It's embarrassing.
Laura, he never showed anybody the bill. He never built any...
... consensus on the bill.
And then he's shocked, Oh, I can't get the bill passed. It's beyond frustrating. And this bill, frankly, could have been better in its original rollout.
Why didn't he bring caucus members in? Why didn't he bring Tuesday Group, study group people into the process?
And then Mark Meadows has to fix the mess. Do you...
Is this now going to be the future? Are they going to do this on the budget tomorrow? They going to do this on every other agenda item?
Agreed.
All right. Laura Ingraham, as always, thank you for being with us.
Appreciate it.
All right, coming up on this busy news night, this busy news week, counselor to the president Kellyanne Conway joins us next to weigh in on President Trump's first 100 days in office and his accomplishments.
Also tonight...
You're going to love this tape, the RNC highlighting the disturbing first 100 days of Democratic obstruction.
And then later, Ivanka Trump participates in a women's forum in Berlin earlier today. She talks about her father, she gets booed and hissed at. We'll talk to Ari Fleischer, Lisa Boothe. And also, we'll get into the issue of liberal fascism in general and my reaction to the left rushing to judgment about false accusations on me. That's coming up straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." Now, since being sworn in as commander-in-chief, President Trump has been checking off promises off the list that he has. Just take a look at the side of your screen. We're listing everything President Trump has accomplished so far in his first 100 days.
It appears he has no plans of slowing down. Tomorrow, we're expecting to learn a lot more about the president's tax reform plan and how to grow the economy. But despite the president moving at lightning speed, Democrats -- they've done nothing but oppose him at every turn.
The RNC earlier today put out an ad about Democratic obstruction. Let's take a look.
Now, earlier, I spoke with the counselor to the president, Kellyanne Conway.
All right, Kellyanne, great to see you. Can you believe 100 days? I'm sure it was just -- you got a lot of sleep in the last 100 days. You're relaxed, piece of cake. You're kicking up your feet. You know, it's 5:00 o'clock in the afternoon, right?
You know...
Let me put up on the side of the screen -- and you know, first of all, Neil Gorsuch was a huge promise. He was on the list, originalist to the Supreme Court. I think you can't doubt that's a huge promise kept.
You know, the fact that the president worked the phones on all of these corporations -- Chrysler Fiat, Ford, GM, Carrier, you know, and so many others, and promising to invest so much in the country, you know, getting rid of these regulations, especially as it relates to coal and ending the war on coal, a 60 percent reduction, illegal immigration, because we're now enforcing the laws, fighting against sanctuary cities, build -- you know, moving forward with the border wall.
We saw what he did in Syria, the mother of all bombs, the lobbying ban, sanctioning Iran, sanctioning Syria, all of -- and then setting the table for all these things. The media, if you listen to them, it's like he hasn't done anything in 100 days.
I would add one other thing that probably nobody predicted. There seems to be a real thawing in America's relationship with China as they send coal back to North Korea, put troops on the border of North Korea, opening up the possibility of new trade deals with America more favorable, obviously to us. Then you have got the Saudi crown prince. You've got King Abdullah. You've President el-Sisi. You've got Prime Minister Netanyahu, a new alliance is emerging there. That shows promise.
And I watch the Democrats. You just saw them. They have no solutions for all the people in poverty, on food stamps and out of work and can't own a home, not whatsoever. They won't work with the president in any way, shape, matter, or form.
And my only frustration at this point is with the Republicans in congress. The president is doing everything he can in my opinion. And these guys wanted the House, Senate, the presidency. They have it and they weren't ready for repealing and replacing Obamacare. That's frustrating for me.
You are being nicer than me.
I know it means a lot to you.
Congress needs to wake up and move faster. They seemed ill- prepared for the moment, but that's my view. Kellyanne, good to see you.
What? Oh, yes, really. I would love to weeks off, too. Isn't that great? See you later.
All right, Kellyanne.
Coming up, the alt radical left has hit a new low now going after Ivanka Trump. She gets booed and heckled during a women's summit in Germany. Lisa Booth, Ari Fleischer have reaction. And also tonight --
Ahead of tomorrow's big announcement, Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin previews the president's tax reform plan. It reportedly contains a massive corporate rate cut and a middle-class tax cut. Herman Cain, Melissa Francis will weigh in. That and more on this busy news night, on this busy news week on "Hannity."
Welcome back to "Hannity." So the alt-radical left, they continue to go on to the attack. And they're not turning their attention once again to the president's children. Earlier today Ivanka Trump was in Germany for a women's summit. During a panel discussion she got a very hostile reception from the audience. Now, the microphones didn't pick it up, but news outlets are reporting when Ivanka praised her father for his advocacy on behalf of families, Ivanka was booed and even hissed at. Really? Watch this.
Pretty unbelievable. These liberal fascists, they keep stooping to new lows. And you wouldn't how many people rush to judgment about me this weekend. By the way, all the media had to do was Google and they would have learned a lot of facts that they didn't report.
Here with reaction, former White House press secretary Ari Fleischer and Fox News contributor Lisa Boothe. Ari, you kind of experienced a lot of hostility towards President Bush. Bush derangement syndrome was real. I don't remember Laura Bush being attacked like Melania. I don't remember President Bush's daughters being attacked, like Barron Trump, a 10-year-old kid. Now they're picking on his daughter. I know Eric and Don Jr. can handle it. But then every cabinet official, everybody that works in the West, Steve Bannon, Reince Priebus, Steve Miller, Kellyanne Conway, and anybody in the media like me or any conservative that supports the president viciously attacked. Is this worse than what you have lived through?
Lisa, look, I know we were very critical of Obama. I never went after his daughters. I did talk about his wife saying "For the first time in my adult life I am proud of my country," which I found outrageous, but I can't really think of anything personal. This is different. A 10-year-old kid viciously attacked, the daughter of the president, the wife of the president.
There is also what I experience and every conservative radio host experiences and what I think a lot of the attacks on Fox News are about, they want to silence opposition voices. They're not living up to their free speech proclamations, Ari.
And my point is, when people are paid to monitor every word I say when I am on the air four hours a day in the hopes that they can start a boycott and take me out, that is a little scary.
All right, guys, good to see you both, appreciate it.
And coming up next, President Trump is slated to unveil his tax reform plan tomorrow. It's being reported that he'll basically cut the corporate tax rate, middle tax cuts, as well. Herman Cain, Melissa Francis will join us as with reaction as we continue.
That was Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin yesterday giving a preview of how President Trump plans to overhaul and simplify America's tax system. Earlier today Mnuchin and other top officials met with the president to discuss his bold tax plan which according to sources inside the White House cuts the corporate tax to 15 percent. Here with reaction, former presidential candidate, Fox News contributor Herman Cain, and our friend, Melissa Francis. Her brand-new book, "Lessons." Look at that cover.
"From the Prarie, The Surprising Secrets to Happiness, Success, and Sometimes Survival I've Learned on America's Favorite Show." All right, let me start with, you cover the economy every day.
OK, seven brackets to three, 15 percent corporate rate, and it might be a little higher depending on where it comes out budget wise, revenue neutral. Then of course we have repatriation of money, middle class tax cuts. Then we've got energy independence. To me this is the formula for economic growth, success, and bringing those people jobs, out of poverty and off of food stamps.
Are they killing the estate tax for one. That is double taxation.
Imagine you pay your whole like 50 percent of your taxes, then you die and they take another 50 percent.
Herman, it is not quite nine-nine-nine, which, you know, I don't mean this in a bad way. On Herman Cain's headstone 100 years from now, it is going to say Herman Cain, nine-nine-nine.
And everybody remembered it because it was simple. But in the last eight years, we have another 13 million Americans on food stamps, 8 million Americans more in poverty, the lowest labor participation rate since the '70s, lowest home owner rate in 51 years. People are suffering. What is the quickest way to help these people? Do you like this plan?
Which is why they would love to kill off Fox News. But that's to be anticipated. I don't think, if Trump gave every American $1 million, why isn't it $1,000,001? Nothing he's going to do or say that's going to get Democrats on board.
So well said.
I agree. That was my argument with Ted Koppel. People are intelligent. Give them the benefit of the doubt.
Herman, anything you can add to this? I know you've always been a big supporter, as I am really, too, of the fair tax.
When we come back, we have a very important "Question of the Day," and yes, the "Hannity" voicemails on the "Hannity" hotline straight ahead.
Time for our "Question of the Day." So do you think the mainstream media is trying to destroy Trump's presidency? I think it's pretty obvious, actually. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
Now it's time to play some of the messages you have left for me. Hit me with your best shot on the "Hannity" hotline.
I'll take one night without the negative, one night. That actually was pretty heart-warming. Thanks to all of you for your kind words, your support, and, more importantly, just open-mindedness and fairness to see facts for what they are. It means a lot.
Now, want to call me, mean, nice, yes, we'll put mean on, 877-225-8587. That's all the time we have left this evening. Set your DVR, please don't miss an episode. We'll see you back here tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 47  ***************************************************
 All right, thanks so much for joining us. We appreciate it, Rich. Thank you.
Joining us now from Turkey with more on the situation with Syria is our own Benjamin Hall. Benjamin, what's the latest there?
All right, Benjamin, thank you.
And earlier today, our own Maria Bartiromo sat down with President Trump in an interview. It will air in its entirety tomorrow on the Fox Business Network. Here's a quick preview.
And joining me now, the host of "Mornings With Maria," our friend, Maria Bartiromo. Congratulations on a big exclusive.
Let's start with what the president told you about Syrian president Assad and how he had to do something after being really motivated by seeing those pictures of dead children, victims of that chemical attack. Here's what happened.
All right, Maria, obviously the president was very emotionally moved by those images. But also, if you paid close attention to his campaign rhetoric, he wants to fight terror, he doesn't want occupation and he didn't want troops on the ground. He seemed to reiterate all of that to you in that interview.
Give us some more background and color as to what he was also saying.
You know, it's fascinating. For eight months, we've had this media conspiracy theory being pushed and advanced without any evidence whatsoever...
... of collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign and that perhaps that Vladimir Putin had information that would be compromising to then candidate, then President-elect Trump. Now he's president, and he kind of drew a really strong line in the sand that should put that to rest.
Let me ask you -- because, of course, we have more saber rattling from Kim Jong-un, North Korea, and even the threat that he would want to nuke the United States of America and is preparing for war with the United States -- you asked him about that. Let's play that clip.
What's fascinating about this is he's not backing down. I get the overall impression between what Putin is saying, what Kim Jong-un is saying and what even ISIS and some of these other groups are saying -- they're used to a very different America...
... a weak America, America that's not going to respond or will draw red lines and not mean it. I think the world is understanding, of they will in short order, that this is a very different country today.
Well, China seems to be...
... acquiescing a little bit on trade issues, and certainly opening up that door.
But again, it's within what he said during the campaign, He will fight terror, doesn't believe in occupation, and certainly doesn't want troops on the ground and seems to be standing by that.
Very important question you asked him on the advantages of doing health care before his economic plan. Let me play that and get a quick response.
Obviously alluding to the trillion dollars in savings...
... if he is able to accomplish health care first.
Yes. All right, Maria, I got to tell you, very timely interview and great questions. Good job. We'll be watching in the morning.
And that starts tomorrow morning, 6:00 AM on the Fox Business Network.
And coming up next tonight, Russian president Vladimir Putin is pushing bizarre, wild conspiracy theories that America is going to fake a new chemical weapons attack in Syria.
But that's nothing compared to what the alt left radical propaganda media's been claiming about President Trump. We'll explain. Our "Opening Monologue" is coming up next. Monica Crowley will be here with reaction.
And also tonight...
Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced a crackdown on illegal immigration while visiting our southern border today. He'll join us later with the details.
That and much more on this busy news edition of "Hannity."
And welcome back to "Hannity." So the alt radical left and their cronies in the destroy Trump media -- they're so desperate to smear, slander, besmirch the president, they're now sounding like Vladimir Putin when pushing their fake news conspiracy theories! Now, the alt-radical left is in complete meltdown mode, and we're going to expose them. And that's tonight's "Monologue."
All right, so earlier today, ahead of Secretary of State Rex Tillerson's trip to Moscow, the Russian President Vladimir Putin, started running with a wild claim that the United States of America is somehow going to fake a new chemical weapons attack in Syria to justify further military action from President Trump.
Now, that sounds completely nuts, right? Because it is. But guess what? The alt-radical left destroy Trump media, they have repeatedly been pushing these same types of insane conspiracy theories! Watch what is supposed to be called news, NBC and others.
Cue "Twilight Zone." It's pathetic!
What we have now is over the top line lying, bizarre, novel-like conspiracy theories and the advancing of some of the most insane, craziest stories you probably have ever heard. Now, it's completely off the charts. It's unhinged, and just more proof of how completely biased these people really are.
But that has not stopped Democrats in Congress from doing the exact same thing. They're as nutty as their friends in the media! Take a look at what Representative Seth Moulton said last night on Tucker Carlson's now about President Trump's decision to strike Syria. Watch this insanity.
Wow. What's clear is the alt-radical left in this country, they are ignoring all truth and the facts. Now for months, the alt-radical destroy Trump propaganda media has been pushing without one scintilla -- not one -- of evidence whatsoever this false narrative of President Trump colluding with the Russians.
Now, this goes against what the former director of National Intelligence under Obama James Clapper, the FBI Director James Comey, the NSA Director Admiral Mike Rogers have all been saying. There is zero proof of the Trump Russia collusion they keep talking about for eight months. Watch the truth.
Now, maybe, just maybe the destroy Trump media should actually listen to what all those top government officials have been saying and maybe try reporting truth for once again instead of these conspiracy theories, by the way.
And if the media wants to talk about interfering in an election, well, then, they should go back at a focus on what the Obama administration tried to do to the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, back in 2014. A congressional investigation did find that an Israeli political group used over 300,000 taxpayer dollars from the Obama State Department in a grant to actually create a political apparatus to defeat our best ally Israel, Prime Minister Netanyahu.
Now, I've been saying since 2008, journalism is dead, but the partisan press is now taking it to a new bizarre conspiracy low. They've become unhinged because they're so locked into the world of hating Trump and Trump derangement syndrome, they're doing everything in their power, as I've been telling you, to destroy him. Now, there's no doubt tonight that unbiased news is dead and buried with very few exceptions.
Joining us now with reaction, conservative commentator Monica Crowley. I don't even know where to begin here! This isn't even funny anymore. This is, like, off the charts, loony, play the "Twilight Zone," meet, you know, crazy bizarre conspiracy theories that they're advancing every hour of every day!
How does NBC allow...
How does NBC float a theory that Vladimir Putin told Assad to launch a small chemical attack that was big enough to attract media attention and prompt President Trump into launching a missile strike, which would then change the topic of Russian collusion, and meanwhile right now, Russia is threatening to fight back against us, Syria is threatening to fight back against us, and Rex Tillerson is lecturing publicly about possible collusion or incompetence of Putin?
This almost...
... pathological at this point, though.
I mean, the very same people that were so upset that people wanted Barack Obama to show his birth certificate...
... that's racism and dog whistles and...
Birthers.
Very dangerous.
There's none.
None. Eight months.
Donald Trump has been invaded by aliens and aliens are controlling his mind and actions. That might be...
That may not be too far off. All right, good to see you. Thanks, Monica.
And up next tonight on this busy news night here on "Hannity"...
All right, that was the attorney general, Jeff Sessions, at the southern border announcing new measures to crack down on illegal immigration. He will join us next.
And also tonight, former Obama administration national security adviser Susan Rice has been caught in several lies, lying to you, the American people. Will she finally be held accountable? Laura Ingraham is here tonight to weigh in on that and so much more as we continue on "Hannity."
That was the attorney general Jeff Sessions earlier today in Arizona where he toured the U.S.-Mexico border and ushered in a new era of border security and law enforcement. The Trump administration has had a tough job ahead of them. According to Pew Research and their center, half of all 2014 federal arrests were for immigration related offenses.
Joining us now with details on the administration's plan to enforce the border is Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Attorney General, I've been down to the border probably about 12 or 14 times. I've been there when criminals are arrested, I've been drug warehouses, helicopter, horseback, boats, all-terrain vehicles. I've seen it up close. I've seen tunnels dug up from Mexico to San Diego. What exactly is going to change, and how quickly will it change?
Mr. Attorney General, there was a report today that Congress when they get to their budget may not be funding the border wall. This was a key part of the president's agenda and narrative during the campaign. Will that happen? Will the president not be a part of any Bill did not fund that wall?
They have, they have.
When does a president ever get to tell those people to ignore the law? Why do I expect that I was ignoring the law, that they would handcuff me, perp-walk me, fingerprint me, mug-shoot me and send that out all over the world.
Last question, sir. Sanctuary cities, criminal aliens, catch and release -- that's only thing of the past, correct?
All right, Mr. Attorney General, I'm glad you went down there today. There's nothing like seeing it up close, and that's why I went down and reporter at least a dozen times. Thank you, sir.
And coming up, former Obama administration official Susan Rice has been exposed time and time again for lying and not telling the truth. Is she ever going to be held accountable? We'll ask Laura Ingraham, that's coming up next.
Also later, the CEO of United Airlines has finally apologized after major fallout over that viral video of this passenger being dragged down the aisle and removed from a flight. Larry Elder and Mercedes Schlapp will weigh in, and the HANNITY Hotline, all as we continue.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So for years right here on this program we have been calling out former top Obama official Susan Rice for her many blatant and outright lies, including this false and of bizarre and puzzling comment that she made about Syria's chemical weapons stockpile back in January. Take a look.
Now even the liberal, destroy-Trump media, they are noticing the former national security adviser's misrepresentation of the facts, or lies. Washington Post giving Rice the four Pinocchio's over the remarks you just heard. Now from Benghazi to Bergdahl to the unmasking of Trump officials to her comments now about chemical weapons, why is Susan Rice at the center of nearly every single big Obama administration lie?
To help us get to the bottom of it, editor in chief of Lifezette, nationally syndicated radio host, Fox News contributor, she doesn't have enough jobs, Laura Ingraham is with us.
Bergdahl didn't serve with honor and distention, the five Sunday shows, than the chemical weapons we just heard, and lied about, oh, I know nothing about surveillance and unmasking. She lies with regularity. You can't trust a word that comes out of her mouth.
Why do we do that with everybody? Hillary Clinton, email server scandal, Clinton Foundation, uranium, 20 percent of America's uranium, quid pro quo, kickbacks. We never follow up unless your name is Scooter Libby, then we will follow up.
What about all the lying that's going on in the media now? I know NBC slants left, but there's a difference between slanting left the stories you cover or choose to cover or don't cover versus a bizarre conspiracy that Putin told Assad to launch a small chemical weapons attack because he wants to distract and help his buddy Trump get off the Russia collusion story with the Trump campaign. This is now NBC advancing this bizarre conspiracy. And that insanity, it's like they are literally spiraling down in front of our eyes because they can't accept the reality that Hillary lost this campaign.
So how does this end, where does this end?
All right, Laura, thank you, as usual. And up next, tonight, right here, on "Hannity."
The CEO of United Airlines finally has apologized after intense outrage over that viral video of a passenger literally being dragged down the aisle off the flights. Larry Elder and Mercedes Schlapp are here with reaction, that and more as HANNITY continues.
Welcome back to "Hannity." It is now the viral video causing outrage all around the world. A man bumped from an overbooked United Airlines flight was forcibly pulled from his seat and dragged right down the aisle by security officials after he refused to leave the plane and his assigned seat.
After nearly two days of widespread ridicule and noticeable decline in United stock, earlier in the day the company's CEO finally issued an apology, writing in part, quote, "I deeply apologize to the customer forcibly removed and to all the customers aboard. No one should ever be mistreated this way."
Joining is now with reaction, Salem nationally syndicated radio host Larry Elder, Fox News contributor Mercedes Schlapp. This is the dumbest thing, this is so dumb. Listen, so they offered another ticket, a free ticket. If you have no takers, then you go four tickets. You go eight tickets, eight tickets and a four-star hotel, eight tickets a four-star hotel and $5,000 pending. Now they're going to have to pay millions, Larry, because this guy is going to sue the pants off them, and their stock is in the tank. How could you be that dumb? That's what I'm trying to figure out.
I just don't understand, Mercedes, in this day and age, you know the other said part of this story is, OK, now the media, as great as they are, they're now trying to trash this poor guy. He had problems 10 years ago. It's nobody's business, he wasn't misbehaving. Why didn't they just offer up the ante until somebody says I'll get off?
That's like saying Hillary Clinton was the communicator of the year.
And you've got to know in this day and age, everybody is videotaping it.
Larry, here's the thing. If you offer enough to get incentives to give people a reason to get off that flight, take another flight, you offer them seats to anywhere they want to travel, maybe pay for their hotel, maybe give them spending money, at some point I'm raising my hand and say I'll take that deal.
And let me tell you, whatever they would have spent on extra flights, hotels, even spending money, is going to be pennies on the dollar by the time this all gets settled.
I would be. I feel sorry for the guy. You don't pull somebody out, you just don't. And I was surprised nobody stepped in and said guys, slow down, let's talk about this thing.
Nobody did that either. If it was Mercedes getting dragged out I would've jumped up and given up my seat.
Larry I don't know about you, even though we're good friend. I don't know.
You know they screwed up bad. All right, guys, good to see both.
And coming up next, a very important "Question of the Day." And apparently some of you don't like me because we have messages on the "Hannity" Hotline that prove it. That's straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Time for our "Question of the Day." So is the apology from the CEO of United Airlines enough or too little, too late? Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
All right, hit me with your best shot. Time for the messages you left for me on the "Hannity" Hotline. They're not always nice, you know. Let's play them.
That's so nice of you to say that. That really means a lot. What do you mean I ruffle -- everybody ruffles papers. I'm sitting here. Am I supposed to sit here like this? I can't do a show like that.
All right, you have something you want to say, nice, mean, doesn't matter, call the hotline you see right there, 877-225-8587.
And that's all time we have left this evening. We hope you'll set your DVR so you never miss an episode. We'll see you back here tomorrow night. Thanks for being with us. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 48  ***************************************************
 We will have a lot more of that tape and Steve Bannon is here tonight to react with some pretty strong words. Also to former NFL greats are here for a big debate after another controversial weekend on the NFL football field. The Vice President of the United States Mike Pence, he left the Colts 49ers game after players continued to disrespect the flag, the anthem and of course, our military.
Also tonight, Republican House Majority Whip Steve Scalise. Remember, he was the victim of that shooting, he will respond to the left's call for gun control after the Vegas shooting. And tonight, we have two major announcements. Big ones you do not want to miss. But first, tonight's important breaking news opening monologue.
All right. This weekend, more and more disturbing accusations emerged about Hollywood executive and major, major Democratic donor Harvey Weinstein. Now after mounting allegations of sexual harassment, Weinstein was actually fired by his own company. That's good news. Now what details of what Weinstein is accused of doing are beyond shocking. What is even more disturbing is the fact that for 30 years, this guy has been praised by the left, by liberals, by Hollywood and Democrats. Now, let me explain.
The website Axios, they analyzed almost 1,400 Academy Awards acceptance speeches. Harvey Weinstein ranked second for the most thanked person. Now back in 2012, Meryl Streep even jokingly called Weinstein God and she is only just a handful of celebrities that are now speaking out against Weinstein in the face of these accusations. But where is the widespread outrage and condemnation from Hollywood? I thought they cared about women's rights.
Now, if tables were turned and this was a conservative in the same situation, Hollywood liberals would be enraged. The media would be enraged. However, since it's one of their own, it's mostly crickets. The silence is deafening.
Another example of how Hollywood has ignored this scandal? According to Axios -- look at all these late-night comedians. Jimmy Kimmel, Jimmy Fallon, Seth Meyers, James Corden. Guess what? They did not mention it at all during their shows. And "Saturday Night Live," the show that ruthlessly mocks President Trump and all conservatives, well, they had jokes written about Weinstein yet they never made air. And what's worse is that the "SNL" creator, Lorne Michaels, he tells the Daily Mail that the reason he did not go after Weinstein because it's, quote, "A New York thing." Really? What Michaels really meant? It's a hypocrisy thing.
And you can't forget about Attorney Lisa Bloom. Pretty much, any time a woman accuses a conservative of something, she swoops in to represent them with a major press conference to attack conservatives. Big surprise. Bloom was actually advising Weinstein before resigning this weekend. And Bloom made the announcement via Twitter -- not tweeter. Quote, "I have resigned as an attorney and advisor to Harvey Weinstein. My understanding is that Mr. Weinstein and his board are moving forward and toward an agreement." What is that even mean? Now, you would think since Bloom is the so-called champion of women's rights that she would never, ever consider working for Weinstein. Her hypocrisy is stunning but it is not surprising.
Now, the same goes for many Democrats. They took piles of money from Harvey Weinstein and only now after these allegations surfaced, some, just a few, not all of them are beginning to give it back or give it to charity. Look at these statistics. Weinstein donated an estimated $44,000 to Hillary Clinton since 1999. And that's on top of the $15,000 he shelled out to a Super Pac tied to Clinton.
Weinstein also contributed over $56,000 to the Obama Victory Fund. The Hollywood big shot, he gave over $90,000 to the Democratic National Committee. And he also wrote checks for over $76,000 for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee. All told the Center for Responsive Politics calculates Weinstein contributed over $2 million to Democrats. That's only since the year 2000.
Now some Democrats they're giving some of the money back or they are donating it to other liberal causes. They think that cleans their hands. But again, no across-the-board outrage. No disgust. And we can't forget that the two biggest beneficiaries of Weinstein's contributions, Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, they have yet to comment and publicly about him. If he was a conservative, do you think they might have commented?
This is what I was telling you about during the election. Liberals claim to care the most about women's rights. If they did, Hillary Clinton and her family foundation would never have taken money from countries like Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Oman, Kuwait, the UAE. Now these country's treat women horribly. They kill gays and lesbians many of them. They persecute Christians and Jews. You can't build a temple and a church in Saudi Arabia.
So, the left, this is selective moral outrage. They are completely full of it on every single issue that they lecture you that they are morally superior about over Republicans. For example, The Daily Caller reporting that there's a coffee shop owner in Seattle, Washington -- we have the videotape of a group of Christian anti-abortion activists get kicked out after a vial tirade all because the owner could not tolerate their presence. Watch this.
Can't hear it? He's talking about anal sex with Jesus Christ, just to offend people. Have you heard anything about this story in the mainstream, left wing, destroy Trump media? Probably not. You probably didn't even see the tape until right now. And guess what, you probably never will. And here is why. The left, they say they care about religious liberty, especially when it comes to Christians in this country. Well, guess what, why do I believe this was another religion, do I suspect there would be widespread outrage, lawsuits, the left would be apoplectic. The media would be covering it 24/7, 365. But in this case, they are Christians and it doesn't seem to matter to them.
And then there's this example about the Washington Free Beacon is reporting on. You have a group of students trying to shut down an exam at Berkeley because of the stress that they are enduring and claiming racism. Watch this.
We now have reached the point of cultural insanity. The left claims they are all for free speech but look what happens at the so-called home of freedom of speech. And we also cannot forget that conservatives have pretty much been essentially blocked from speaking at UC Berkeley. The left does not care about this country's history, doesn't care about its culture.
Just look at these videos from earlier today. All the Columbus Day protest. Liberals, they have no problem supporting people defacing, vandalizing our history and statues. Do you know what? What about what other people think? What about tolerance? It's just like what we saw when leftists were tearing down or removing confederate monuments. Here it goes even further.
Now, the one thing the left does not seem to care about is the NFL. When they disrespect our flag, our country. And the thousands and thousands of Americans that fought blood and died fighting under that flag. And they are out there protesting the national anthem.
This weekend, the Vice President Mike Pence, he walked out of yesterday's NFL game following the national anthem protests. The vice president and second lady Karen Pence attended the game in Indianapolis. And after a handful of 49ers, all refused to honor the flag, Pence and his wife rightly headed for the exits. The vice president later tweeted, quote, "I left today's Colts game because @POTUS and I will not dignify any event that disrespects our soldiers, our flag, or our national anthem."
We have a big debate later in the program. And President Trump took the Twitter writing, quote, "I asked Vice President Pence to leave the stadium if players kneeled, disrespecting our country. I am proud of him and Second Lady Karen."
Good for the vice president taking a stand. Americans are sick and tired of seeing these players protesting the flag and not honoring those brave men and women that fought, bled, and died. And by the way, this is a country that gives them an opportunity to make millions of dollars playing a game. NFL owners are beginning to start to realize that millions are at stake here and the American people are fed up for what is now blatantly disrespectful behavior.
Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones, he said yesterday that players who protests the national anthem, they are not going to play. And the Miami Dolphins owner, Stephen Ross, he is saying it's incumbent on players to stand and salute the flag of the United States.
Finally, it's about time these owners did something. Because as Marc Thiessen pointed out a couple of weeks ago, the NFL's game operations manual says, "All players must be on the sideline for the National Anthem. They must stand at attention, face the flag. Hold their helmets and their left hand and refrain from talking or face discipline such as fines, suspensions, and or forfeiture of draft choices," first offense.
But by the way, you can't do this in the end zone. Or you can't twerk or you can't be offensive to the other team or you can't gloat in the end zone. A lot of rules are restricting freedom of speech. You can't put "9/11, We Will Never Forget" on your cleats. And you can't honor police officers slain in Dallas.
Now of course, after the vice president left the NFL game, the left and liberal mainstream media went into full on freak out mode.
ESPN's Jemele Hill, you remember her? She is the liberal host who tweeted that President Trump was a white supremacist. Well, earlier tonight, Hill was suspended by ESPN for two weeks after calling for fans to boycott advertisers of the Dallas Cowboys. Now, it's interesting how she got suspended for that and not for attacking the president of the United States.
Here's the bottom-line tonight: this country is divided culturally because the left is hypocritical and inconsistent. They only feign phony moral outrage but only when it suits their political agenda. They only care about their only outrage over the conservative scandals, not liberal ones. And they pretend to have the moral authority on issues like race, women's rights, gay rights, and the list goes on and on.
The truth is this -- the left has been lying about all of that for a long time. And this Harvey Weinstein scandal proves all of it. For the right price, the left and their silence can be bought.
Joining us now with more on this. The author of brand-new just out today. "Billionaire at the Barricades: The Populist Revolution from Reagan to Trump" in bookstores now. Host of the soon to be upcoming show at 10 p.m. following this show every night, a rare in studio appearance --
How are you?
What's up, Miss Ingraham?
I'm going to be throwing, can you catch?
Yes. Throw it to Ray Roya (ph). Yes. Great, he dropped it.
I am tired every two and four years.
Conservative, racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamaphobic. It's a lie and they get away with a lie.
I have a lot of friends in the modeling industry.
Yes.
You've been shouted down. We all have.
But isn't it -- if Hillary takes money from Weinstein and silence throughout this whole process.
Well, they've taken money from too. Just like in the campaign, I couldn't believe that there is no outrage over the millions and millions that she took from countries where men tell women how to dress. Killing gays and lesbians.
I do like being lied about --
Because guess what?
I love women, I am not the caricature that they paint.
You know, for all these years, they've got one playbook. It is every election.
Our obituaries --
You know, tell me one part of Trump's agenda, maybe trade would be one, that's not what Reagan did to get the economy going. What's different?
It's true.
Just one fair trade.
I'm coming in to this, with Steve Bannon who is up after you, and it's amazing to me this Corker tapes.
The level of --
All right. Go ahead.
He was begging to be secretary of state.
Yes. All right. So, you are going on a book tour which is the reason why you can't be here for the next two weeks.
All right. The book is phenomenal right there. Go to my website, your website.
And we have the list and people are going to hear you speak. And by the way on the back, I don't know what happened on that part.
Well, I like the front cover and read Black Lives Matter.
Can you please sign a copy for me?
I know I'm serious. All right. When we come back, Steve Bannon, he is going to weigh in on the issue of Bob Corker and those Republicans that are betraying the President and you.
Also, two major announcements tonight as we continue.
Republican Bob Corker slamming President Trump to The New York Times. Wasn't that nice of him? Meanwhile, Corker is set to retire at the end of his term but former White House chief of staff, chief strategist Steve Bannon is now launching a new effort to target other anti-Trump Republicans with plans to back primary opponents to nearly every Republican up for reelection. Think Alabama, for more, he joins us now, he is the executive chairman of Breitbart News. How are you?
You know, you lost weight since you left the White House. You look good.
Oh, good for you.
He's so arrogant. He is such an elitist snob. He is the swamp. The Senate hasn't done a thing, Steve. Nothing.
He did not know that was going to air. He didn't know they were going to release that.
I've been told by people in the room, Ben Sasse, John McCain, Lindsey Graham, Corker, and even McConnell. They trashed the President. But yet, they can't get any of their promises completed. They are the swamp. Republicans are weak and pathetic and they are lacking in identity. And the forgotten men and women that voted those election are being let down.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I agree with him.
He would not win, Steve. That's why he's really getting out.
Marsha Blackburn --
All right. Here's the question. How does the President's agenda, if he's got a hostile Republicans that apparently are willing to go on a suicide mission, if they don't get anything accomplished, they don't get the budget done, they can't repeal and replace, they don't even want to fund the border wall. If they don't do those things, they are going to suffer in 2018. President Trump is not up until 2020.
Orrin Hatch in Utah.
North Dakota.
McDaniel.
I know a lot of people didn't like in 2010 for example, Delaware. I thought Christine O'Donnell was a nice woman. But you are picking rock- solid --
You said in the 60 minutes interview you are a street fighter. I am a street fighter too.
Okay. You noticed that. I'm not supporting any Republican incumbent that hasn't gotten their job done. Not one, Steve. I refused. They have betrayed the American people. They have betrayed their promises. How do you make a promise for seven and a half years and not fulfill it?
Is this a fair statement? Is Steve Bannon declaring war on the establishment that are not for the working men and women in this country?
You know what McConnell did in Alabama. And you know there are people out there - Karl Rove is going to put in all their money.
Does that mean the people that voted in 2010, 2014, 2016? Now they have to wait their victory in 2018? It's a long time for the American people to wait.
I'm glad you are not going after Ted Cruz. He is one of the few -- he stood there and said we have the constitutional authority to not fund Obamacare. And his own Party betrayed him.
Streetfighter Steve Bannon. Good to see you.
We appreciate it. When we come back, two NFL greats are going to battle and debate the ongoing national anthem controversy. And we have two big announcements, Steve Scalise is going to join us after he was shot on the baseball field in Washington, D.C. He wants to talk gun control, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." another controversial week for the NFL. Vice President Mike Pence walked out in a game, during the Colts and the 49ers yesterday when several players took a knee during the national anthem, yet again. Joining us now the reaction author of Liberalism or how to turn good men into whiners, whinnies and wimps. Former NFL great Burgess Owens. And former NFL player Spencer Tillman now part of the Fox family. Welcome aboard, it is great to have you Spencer, both of you are friends of mine.
We start with you. A family of four goes to a game. The kids want jerseys, another $200. You get a beer, $400 a beer. A couple of hot dogs and popcorn. If the 700-$800 day. Most Americans are speaking loudly. They are saying they want to honor their flag and their country and their anthem because men fought, bled, and died fighting under that flag. Players are not being responsive. I kind of like what Robert Kraft said. I will go and match you dollar for dollar. Let's help our community out. This is not going to end well for the NFL, Spencer.
100,000 have died fighting under that flag.
I know you are a patriot. Colin Kaepernick, this guy killer's foundation. Had cops depicted as pigs on his socks. I guy that -- a guy that praises the murderous dictator and thug, Fidel Castro. I am sorry of the NFL becomes the Kaepernick league, then they are going to lose the men and women that want to go and be entertained and also honor their country. I don't think the NFL has much more time.
Let me ask you both a question. Hang on. The first black president in American history. Historic. 3900 people murdered in his adopted hometown of Chicago while he is President. He barely heard him ever talk about it. 18,000 shootings in Chicago in the last six years of his presidency. Here's my point, on this program, Spencer -- I scrolled the names of all those people that we never hear about. He commented on Cambridge, Ferguson, Trayvon Martin, he commented on Freddie Grey. He never went after what was literally a war zone in his own hometown. He could have done something about it. NFL players can do things as well. I will support charities. Spencer, you come to me tomorrow and say have a great charity for kids. I am in. Burgess, tell me. I am in. I will help you. And so will a lot of other Americans, because we care about those kids and god's potential is in every one of those kids.
Honor the country and their flag. Honor it.
Running out of time.
Take care of the kids in Chicago. They're not putting them up in safe neighborhoods. I've got Steve Scalise. Last word.
I know it's getting a little loud. We are all passionate about this. It's not going to go well for the NFL. Do you remember Steve Scalise? He wants to weigh in after Las Vegas on the gun control debate and to announcements you're going to like. Straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So in the wake of the mass shooting in the Las Vegas, once again members of the liberal mainstream media had found themselves on Sunday talk shows predictably pushing for more gun control, take a look.
Joining us know, House Majority Steve Scalise who is still recovering after being shot over the summer. He is pushing back against the left's efforts to politicize what happened out in Vegas. Joining us now, Louisiana Congressman Steve Scalise. I'm so glad to see you. I want you to know in this audience -- thoughts and prayers are with you. I try to relay that to people on your staff. How are you doing, Congressman?
I remember getting an early report. You had had a massive number of blood transfusions. It was very touch and go. Had doctors told you how close you were to maybe not recovering from this?
What is your recollection of the shooting?
They were amazing. In an open field with pistols against a rifle.
It was heartbreaking last week. I interviewed a guy who was holding his wife of 32 years when she got shot in the back of the head and died in his arms. It nearly killed me. I wanted to play what he said to me.
The country races into a big debate over the gun control. You lost your wife. When you hear that in juxtaposed with the President said, what's the right thing for the country to do and how to handle it?
I will never give up my rights. You were shot in that field that day. You are saying the same thing. Dianne Feinstein said this weekend I don't think there's any set of laws that could have prevented what happened in Vegas. What is your answer to all of those that sold quickly raced to politicize this?
Congressman, we are glad you are well. A full and complete recovery. I've still got a little ways to go. We are glad you survived that. Thank you for being with us. When we come back, two go very big announcements. I think you will like them. Straight ahead.
Before we go, two big announcements. You know what I'm so tired of Hollywood. Two years ago I signed on with Sam Orbo. The executive producers. Two years in the making. The movie is called "Let There Be Light" it will debut in theaters on Friday October 27. We are really proud of this project. You can bring your whole family. It's not the same boring Harvey Weinstein a Hollywood movie. This is different and I think you will enjoy it. Here is a clip.
The debut for "Let There Be Light," is going to be in theaters, its debut October 27, my website hannity.com has a list of theaters. Also big programming note. I will be at Harrisburg Wednesday night, 9:00 Eastern, right here on this show. We will be joined by President Trump for an exclusive one-on-one interview. We will talk about tax cuts, we will talk about immigration, and everything else. In front of a big audience. It's happening this Wednesday night at 9:00 p.m. Hannity.com to find where the movie theaters are near you. To see this and you can take your whole family. It's not dumb and boring like most other movies. I think you will like it.
That is all the time left we have for this evening. Thanks for being with us. Brian Kilmeade, he is next. The guy works 24/7. See you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 49  ***************************************************
 Here's a question. Do the people in D.C. -- do they care about the 50 million Americans in poverty, the 50 million on food stamps, the 94 million out of the labor force? Do they care that we have a 51-year low in terms of home ownership rate in this country?
Now, what the president is calling for today is going to have a profound positive impact on the forgotten men and women in this country and the country as a whole. Workers would have more money in their pockets after not seeing real raises in years. Companies -- they'd be able to see lower taxes. That means they can hire more employees, invest in new technologies, build factories and manufacturing centers. And just like President Reagan, GDP growth and federal tax revenue -- it will soar. Ironically, Washington will have more money to waste.
Then, of course, the destroy Trump media -- they don't care about any of this. They're not interested in the truth. They're not interested in the business of offering solutions to people that have been left behind.
What is the media's main objective? They create false narratives, outright lies. And their obvious goal is to try and damage, delegitimize President Trump. So instead of talking about his tax plan, his new reforms, the media is hysterical, it's, like, 24/7 hyperventilating about President Trump and his decision to be constitutional on the issue of DACA, and give Congress an additional six months to do their job, come up with a law-abiding constitutional solution.
Just take a look at how insane, how obsessed the media is in attacking the president and the attorney general.
More lies. But that was not the end of the media's hysteria. They also tried to spin the president's decision to respect the Constitution, respect coequal branches of government, the real balance of power. They tried to portray this -- watch (ph) the world of the day was cruel, cruel, and then cruel again. Take a look.
Oh, they got the memo! Cruel, cruel, cruel. Notice they're like robots in the mainstream media.
Now, I got to tell you something. The president has already given Congress eight months. Now they have six additional months. If you want DACA, go ask your congressmen and senators.
Now, what the media has been trying to do to President Trump -- they've been doing this for months. They are creating lies and a false narrative. And again, they want to smear this president in order to try and scare the American people into turning against him. They peddle nonsense, lies 24/7.
And what the president actually did, instead of stomping on the Constitution, shredding the rule of law -- by the way, even Obama recognized he didn't have the right to do it. He said it, like, 20 times. Well, President Trump is giving Congress now an additional six months to do their job, legislate, and come up with a solution.
Now, apparently, members of the elite establishment media -- they need to go back to school and maybe take a class on how the government works because it actually takes Congress. They make the laws. We have three branches of government. And the president -- guess what? He signs the laws. There are limits to executive authority and power. Obama said it himself.
The media seems so absolutely apoplectic to just go after everything Trump. So let's have Barack Obama himself give them a lesson. Here's the former president over the years, well, before he signed DACA and after he signed DACA, talking about his own limits of executive power. Media, watch, listen, learn. Is this cruel?
Oh, "Nation of laws. That's not how our Constitution works." And then he did it anyway. Wow. And here's what now Speaker of the House Paul Ryan told me back in 2014 about fighting President Obama's illegal, unconstitutional executive order on DACA. Take a look.
If the president follows through on his threat for executive amnesty, what do you have in terms of tools at your disposal to stop him from doing that?
So the president is respecting coequal branches of government and enumerated powers. He is literally restoring, right before your very eyes, the way the founders intended this to be.
So if the liberal establishment mainstream media disagrees with that, then maybe they need to stop pretending and fully embrace their leftist ideology and admit they don't care about the Constitution or the rule of law. All the president did here and wants to do here is follow the law of the land and protect the American people.
For example -- and this is something the destroy Trump media will never tell you, which is why we take over for them. I've been down to the border over a dozen times. I have seen what goes on there firsthand -- crime, drugs, illegal immigration and even trafficking of people. There are good people who do come into this country. They want a better life. But not everyone is good.
642,000 crimes...
In Texas alone.
So is your corrupt media -- are they paying any attention? Do you know innocent Americans, many of them, have lost their loved ones and American families have suffered because American politicians -- they just refuse steadfastly to enforce immigration laws. And what has the media done about it? Well, on this show for years, we've interviewed on numerous occasions family members who lost loved ones at the hands of illegal immigrants. We've heard firsthand of their devastating stories, more so than any other show that we know.
And here's why it's important that we bring this up. The media, the left in this country -- they love to claim they have a monopoly on compassion and acceptance, and conservatives are mean-spirited and hard-hearted. But you know what? Yet they attack the president for following the rule of law, respecting the Constitution, enumerated powers, coequal branches of government and actually enforcing immigration laws and advocating for extreme vetting to protect Americans against our enemies.
In reality, the left is a bunch of hypocrites, because if they really cared about the safety and security of the American people, your pain, your suffering -- in other words, they show us phony compassion because if they really cared, they would want to enforce the laws.
You know, where was the media talking about the disastrous Obama economy, 50 million Americans in poverty, 8 million more than before Obama was president, 50 million on food stamps, 13 million more after eight years of Obama, 95 million Americans out of the labor force, lowest labor participation rate since the '70s, the worst economic recovery since the '40s, lowest home ownership rate since -- in 51 years.
So other than us, did you ever hear about this from anybody else in the media? Do they even care about the forgotten men and women in this country? No, it appears they don't. And they don't have any standards. There's no morals or decency anymore.
Look at, for example, Antifa, the media rushing to condemn out-of-control violence? Well, what took them so long? How many people need to be attacked and beaten before the media's going to speak out against the radical Antifa leftists?
Here's my larger point tonight. President Trump ran on a specific pro-America, pro-worker, pro-growth agenda. And you know what? It's time for Congress -- they ran on basically the same thing, at least Republicans did -- that they now benefit the American people and get their hands dirty, stay up late at night and do their job and get some sense of urgency about what they're supposed to do. And they'd better be paying attention. And that means you, Mitch McConnell, Mr. 18 percent approval rating.
Congress needs to get focused, get to work. They need to start passing tax reform, seven brackets to three, slash middle-class tax rates, they're paying too much. If you slash the corporate tax rate to around 15 percent, allow multi-national companies that have trillions parked overseas, repatriate the money at a low rate, that will create millions of jobs in this country and help people out of poverty and get them off of food stamps, get them back in the labor force.
And Congress also needs to get moving. Guess what? Start building the wall. You know what? But put doors all over the wall as long as people come here that want to participate and adopt our values and be a part of our family, we're fine with that. But we do need to vet them.
So Congress needs to pass legislation to bring about energy independence. We have millions of high-paying career jobs out there and waiting, and we won't depending on countries that hate us for the lifeblood of our economy.
And finally, Republicans in Congress, keep your word. Will you please repeal and replace ObamaCare. Get your act together. This isn't rocket science. These are all the things you all ran on! President Trump has a higher approval rating than the media by far and all of you in Congress. And what have you guys been doing all these years?
Here with reaction, counselor to the president Kellyanne Conway. I know I'm long-winded, but I feel very passionately. It's time to stop the nonsense! Americans are suffering here. They need jobs. They want to get out of poverty and want to get off of food stamps. And there's an easy path out. What is the media missing?
I'm more angry at Republicans. But this is my own personal thing. Mr. 18 percent approval rating, Mitch McConnell -- you know, I don't want to exasperate him. He said, Oh, expectations are so high. He had eight months to do health care and couldn't get it done.
I got to go, but...
Listen, I don't get it, either. I don't live in their world of, you know, vacations every other week and the fine Senate dining room and their workout rooms and -- all right, I'll keep you out of it. You work in the White House. I'll save that for myself. Kellyanne, great to see you, as always.
When we come back, new reports the House Intel Committee has subpoenaed the Justice Department, the FBI for information about the fake news Russian dossier. NBC, CNN going to cover this? Representative Dana Rohrabacher is next. He also met with Julian Assange. We'll find out what that was about.
Then later, Greg Jarrett, Sara Carter are here with reaction as we continue.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Now, according to a report from the AP, the House Intel Committee has officially subpoenaed the Justice Department and the FBI for information related to the now debunked Trump Russia dossier. Now, you might remember, this dossier made, well, extremely obscene fake allegations about then candidate Trump.
And according to a piece by Byron York in The Washington Examiner, quote, "The subpoenas are an indication of growing frustration inside the committee over the FBI and Justice Department's lack of cooperation in the Trump-Russia investigation."
Here with reaction, California congressman Dana Rohrabacher. Congressman, how is that possible? Because, you know, how do they -- if you have subpoenaed and you're the committee's -- how are they not turning this over to you, especially now that we know that it's false and phony and fraudulent?
You met with Julian Assange.
I've interviewed him five times, radio and TV. Wikileaks has never been proven wrong in 11 years. You told me on radio you believe him. And he's told you that he can prove and he would be the one person that know -- that knows where the information came from that leaked on the DNC. He told you he has incontrovertible, irrefutable evidence that, in fact, shows Russia was not involved.
How...
How confident are you percentage-wise that it was never Russia?
Wow!
All right, here's the next...
Do you think in any way...
... it could be related to the reason why and I'm -- I'm asking, and you investigate this -- that it could be related in any way to the 33,000 deleted e-mails, the BleachBit acid wash, the destruction of Blackberries and iPhones...
... and maybe even Debbie Wasserman Schultz and her mess that she's got with her IT guy and busted-up hard drives -- do you think they're all interrelated?
Oh, my God.
I got to run.
Will the American people get the absolute truth, and will it prove that the media and Democrats have lied about this? With this all come out, and how soon?
And they'll be proven...
... to having lied to the American people?
All right, sir. Thank you for being with us.
When we come back, why is the House Intel Committee having such a hard time getting answers about a debunked Trump-Russian dossier during the campaign? Greg Jarrett, Sara Carter -- they're next.
But didn't Steele pay money to Russians to get the intel that we know now it's false?
Add this part of Comey, because Steele pays Russians to get for phony information on Trump, and Comey wants to hire the guy, the same Comey that exonerated Hillary before an investigation.
The fact that he had a conclusion before an investigation, on top of everything else that we know with Comey, leaking to get a special counsel is beyond corrupt.
Here's my next question. I just had Dana Rohrabacher on. I've interviewed Julian Assange five times. Julian Assange is the one guy in the world that's tells the truth. He's never been proven wrong in 11 years, unlike "The New York Times" and "Washington Post" and CNN. So here's my question. Does Mueller have an obligation to go and try and find out from the one person who knows where the information about emails, DNC, all came from?
So he doesn't want to get to the truth?
What do you think, Sara, last question, I'm running out of time, about Julian knows the answer? Apparently Dana Rohrabacher wants to meet with the president but I guess maybe because it's anything Russia related they are probably lawyers are saying no. I want to know what message Dana has, and if Julian Assange has evidence that would prove it was never Russia and the media and Democrats lied to us for a year, how big a scandal is that?
Thank you both. Good to see you both.
When we come back it, last night I went one-on-one with Jorge Ramos about President Trump's plan to be constitutional and let Congress decide on DACA. Geraldo Rivera, Ari Fleischer weigh in.
Then later, Tomi Lahren and Dr. Gina Loudon, Jessica Tarlov, they will react to Hillary Clinton's latest campaign loss excuse. Yes, she's come up with another one, and it's not her.
You cannot ask that the United States burn its constitution, stomp all over it, in the process of doing what you want. You have to understand we are a nation of laws. Do you expect --
I understand, but they are here illegally.
They're not here legally. The good news for you, Jorge, I love your heart.
I hear you, but you're missing the main point. It has to be -- you can't burn the constitution just to do what Jorge Ramos wants. You've got to do it legally.
Welcome back to HANNITY. Ppart of our fiery debate last night with Jorge Ramos right here on this program. Joining us now with their take on President Trump's DACA decision, FOX News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera who wouldn't admit that I was right constitutionally last night, and White House press secretary Ari Fleischer under George W. Bush, FOX News contributor.
Geraldo, enumerated powers, coequal branches of government -- President Obama -- I just played it earlier tonight, admitted he didn't have the authority to do DACA and he did it anyway. That's lawlessness.
How many states did he win?
OK, but legally Trump is right. And let's be fair. You should be happy tonight. He gave eight months, and now he's given six months more for Congress to do their job. That seems fair.
Obama admitted it.
What's the compromise?
Geraldo is clapping in Cleveland, I guarantee it.
Good to see both of you.
And coming up, Hillary Clinton, she continues to make yet more excuses for her big election laws. Now she's blaming Bernie Sanders for her "crooked Hillary" nickname. Tomi Lahren, Dr. Gina Loudon, and Jessica Tarlov weigh in next.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Hillary Clinton's blame game just continues. She has a brand-new book, as you know, entitled "What Happened." Trump happened. Clinton says it was her former competitor Bernie Sanders who, quote, "paved the way for then candidate Donald Trump to call her crooked Hillary." She also knocked President Obama for his advice regarding Sanders during the campaign, saying, quote, "President Obama urged me to grit my teeth and lay off poor Bernie as much as I could. I felt like I was in a straitjacket."
Here with reaction, Fox News contributor Tomi Lahren, radio, TV talk show host Dr. Gina Loudon, Fox News contributor Jessica Tarlov. Is there any -- does she ever blame Hillary? When would she ever blame Hillary for being a horrible candidate that is corrupt?
OK, but she blames, Tomi, everybody but herself.
Ouch.
The party is pulling more left. You know this is true.
Overreached on Russia. Let me ask Gina Loudon. I am going to rely on the fact that you are a psychologist. Don't ever psychoanalyze me. You can do Tomi and Jessica.
There is something wrong if you don't have any introspective qualities. For example, I do a lot of wrong things in my life, but I know it. I know every time I do something wrong. It's like ding, ding, ding, ding, a little voice in my head yelling at me but I can do it anyway. So basically declare I'm nuts. Go ahead.
What is the diagnosis?
All right, I won't ask you to do it.
OK, that's OK.
By the way, I'm the one that says they have Trump derangement syndrome.
Tomi, how does she not recognize that she is crooked? It's like, hello, mirror. Take a look.
All right, guys, good to see you all, thanks for being with us.
And when we come back, conservative Twitter sensation Terrence Williams is back. Go to bed, he has the final word, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Conservative social media sensation Terrence Williams, our friend, is back to give us the final word tonight. Terrence, take it away.
All right, thanks, Terrence. He also sent me that t-shirt. "You need to go to bed." By the way, I'll be doing it about an hour from now. Not really. Maybe five.
Anyway, thank you for being with us. As always, we will see you back here tomorrow night. This show is not the establishment, destroy-Trump-media. We are there fair and the balanced part. Thanks for being with us. See you tomorrow.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 50  ***************************************************
 It is unbelievable. I see all the action going on there behind you, this has been brazen in as much as it is one town, it is one city. What our law enforcement gleaning from that, Geraldo? Because you know, obviously, everyone would be afraid if in fact it was moving outside thearea, but the people of Austin are terrified for obvious and good reason.
They absolutely are. There are total neighborhoods in this town, the Texas capital. Again, I remind folks outside of the Lone Star State, the Texas capital, there are neighborhoods that are on lockdown. People afraid -- remember one of those blasts was a tripwire. In other words, the bomber put a line across that two random guys triggered, that was one of the earlier blasts.
Now, this one at a Goodwill -- I mean, my goodness you can understand why there is panic here in Austin. Austin, the capital, very different politically speaking than the rest of Texas. Austin, for example, is a sanctuary city, maybe the guys got a beef about that.
It's a -- it's -- we -- they styled themselves as let's stay weird, cool town. They -- obviously, the main campus of the University of Texas is here. Back in the `60s, you remember Whitman, the Texas Tower, first of the of the mass murderers. So, they're no stranger to these kinds of tragedies, but it's been half a century. Now, you get this here in Austin.
They had the South by Southwest festival here, Sean, just concluding now. Maybe it had something to do with that. All we know is that for goodness sake here he is again despite the best efforts of the United States government, the government of the state of Texas and the city of Austin and all the ATF agents, all the FBI agents.
He has struck again by leaving a package. Can you imagine? I just can't get past that, Sean, leaving a package at a Goodwill where, you know --
Let me bring our --
Let me bring our audience up to speed as you look at these pictures. A new explosion in Austin, Texas, if you're just joining us and you're just following us and emergency teams responding to this new report inside the Texas capital, at a Goodwill Store, in the southern part of the city. Austin police urging residents, please avoid the area.
Here's what we know about the timeline as it relates to the serial bomber. The first explosion, March 2nd, killed 39-year-old Anthony Stephan House after a device exploded on the front porch of his Austin home. Then the blast was investigated initially, suspicious death and then later, of course, they determined this was in fact a homicide.
Ten days later, similar incident reported 12 miles from where the first incident happened, 17-year-old identified Draylen Mason. He was killed. His mother was injured after package exploded inside of their home. And then hours after that second explosion, while then police reported yet a third blast confirming that at least one elderly woman was injured.
Then the night just going back a number of nights ago, March 18th, well then a fourth explosion triggered by what we thought and this was difference in terms of the way that the bomb was put together, they expect triggered by a tripwire. And two men in their 20s suffering non-life-threatening but severe injuries in that blast and then we have, of course, what has happened here tonight.
Geraldo, we're going to get back to you in just a few moments. Trace Gallagher is standing by from the west coast in our newsroom out there with the latest.
And what do we know at this hour, Trace Gallagher?
All right. Trace --
Trace, stay right there. We go back to Geraldo who has more news that is developing with this new explosion in Austin -- Geraldo.
How do we interpret what an incendiary device is? What does that mean?
Well --
OK. Geraldo, stay right there. We'll get back to you.
But to remind our audience here, the entire city of Austin is on edge earlier today. Two packages located at two separate FedEx facilities in and around Austin and San Antonio, literally connected -- that they have connected earlier today to these previous bombings. So, we definitely have a serial bomber on the loose here.
We'll go back to our video here and just take a look. You can see the entire city of Austin on edge tonight.
Joining us now, NRA TV contributor, former Secret Service agent, Dan Bongino, former FBI special agent Manny Gomez, Fox News national security strategist, Sebastian Gorka, former D.C. detective, police detective, Ted Williams.
I'll start with you, Dan Bongino.
By the way, I'm just looking up, Dan Bongino, because Geraldo is reporting an incendiary device, it's still a bomb to start a fire when you look it up and that's just -- you know, anyone can just go Google and see it.
By the way, Dan, the president has spoken out. He's talking about the bombings in Austin are terrible, local, state, federal enforcement of working hand-in-hand. Here is what the president said speaking on this earlier today.
Manny Gomez, let me ask you, this is -- this is a very tough job for the FBI, but we have a couple of things that have happened. Today with this tripwire, that makes a difference what bomb experts have told me in this FBI deputy assistant director of counterterrorism to the FBI who spent 18 years on the Unabomber case, what he told me is every single bomber, serial bomber, has their own fingerprint and you usually through forensics are able and capable of determining if in fact it is from them. Is that possible an incendiary device could end up being him?
And it could makes no sense, right?
Well, we have two. One of the devices also from earlier today didn't go off, right?
Listen, years ago, I read the anarchist cookbook. We did -- we put that on the air. Anything you want to learn is literally on the Internet today, which has scared the living daylights out of anybody.
Dr. Gorka, let me go to you. This is domestic terrorism we're talking about. I know we talked a lot about Islamic terrorism but terrorism is terrorism and this particular serial bomber is now terrorizing the state of Texas and more specifically the city of Boston and now the city of San Antonio is literally hanging on the edge as well.
Yes, thank you, Sebastian. Stay right there.
With us as well, joining us now, Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton is with us.
Mr. Attorney General, thank you for being with us.
Where are we in the investigation as far as there are any details you can give people, what about the idea that every serial bomber has his own signature or her own signature?
Ted Williams, let me go to you. Your years as a detective, where are you tonight especially in light of the two confirmed bombs that they had and how valuable is the one that did not explode today?
Well said, Ted.
And let me go to Geraldo.
Geraldo, that was a point you were making. You're on the ground. You're right down the block from the -- from what we're witnessing here. You mentioned the fact there are cameras everywhere, Geraldo. It makes it a lot harder in this day and age.
It's terror. Evil is evil.
All right. We're going to have more on this Austin serial bomber. We'll follow this news. This news all throughout the hour.
All right. We're going to start now with our breaking news opening monologue first.
All right. In other news tonight, the president is slamming Hillary Clinton after she viciously attacked white female voters who pulled the lever for President Trump. Remember this. Take a look.
Very pathetic. Of course, Hillary Clinton can't stop talking and complaining about her stunning election defeat, blaming everybody. And she is once again attacking President Trump.
Here's what she said in a recent interview. Pathetic. She needs to get over it.
Pretty outrageous. Really, Hillary, you want to talk about enriching yourself? Did you forget about the $145 million and that poured into your family foundation, Bill doubling his speaking fees in Russia as it relates -- oh and given the speech from Vladimir Putin and the Uranium One scandal.
Well-said Kevin McCarthy. And Congressman Scalise he is out with a statement that reads in part, 'The credibility of the Mueller investigation will be in doubt unless we get to the bottom of the many serious questions regarding the FBI's handling of their investigation of the Trump campaign as well as their investigation or lack thereof into Hillary Clinton's negligent transmission of classified material over her unauthorized email server. That's why I agree with many others. That's why we need the appointment of an additional special counsel who unlike Mueller has the authority to look into potential abuses of the FISA system. That allowed the Democrat funded Steele dossier.'
This is the most corrupt team I've ever seen. This is the most incestuous corrupt -- this is now beyond anything I've ever seen in my life and it's now also coming to light.
David Schoen, you have done a deep dive into who Robert Mueller is. Every single person in the liberal media -- by the way you can now see we are awaiting that news conference on the Austin serial bombings. Geraldo is on the ground, we'll get back to him in a minute.
But David Schoen, I want you to explain your deep dive. Everybody says he's beyond reproach. That Whitey Bulger case does not sound beyond reproach to me in any way, shape, matter, or form.
David and Sara --
I apologize. We're doing a deep dive into the attorney -- into the special counsel, Robert Mueller, every night this week. But we've got to get back to the serial kill -- the serial bomber that is going on in Austin, Texas. We're awaiting a news conference on the Austin bombings.
Geraldo is on the ground. We'll get back to him in a minute. Thank you, Sara. Thank you, David Schoen. Back with us now with more information is the Texas Attorney General, Ken Paxton. Mr. Attorney General, we're awaiting this news conference. What have you heard?
Wow.
So that means eight bomb -- I'm sorry. That means -- that would mean four confirmed bombs in a day today.
All right. Mr. Attorney General, thank you. That information is important. Geraldo is on the ground as well. And we're going to get back to him in just a second.
Let me -- Manny, let me ask you -- I mean, when we hear that, yes, everything that we've been hearing, you know, it turns out this would be four bombs in a day. He's accelerating these attacks. What do we glean from that?
Let me go to Sebastian Gorka. Dr. Gorka. You've been very patient. We're going to ask you about Robert Mueller. Obviously this is taking precedence. You just heard the attorney general of Texas. It looks like in fact they do believe that what was for just a short time reported as an incendiary device ends up four bombs in a day. How do you interpret that? You have studied terror your whole life.
That's how we got the Unabomber after 18 years, Dr. Gorka.
Well-said, Dr. Gorka. Let me go to Dan Bongino. What do we glean, Dan, your years in law enforcement, two things changed today. Number one, it seems to have accelerated. We have four in a day now that we're talking about based on what the attorney general of Texas just told us. Then you have a little switch. And the switch that they're using a trip wire, a different device. What do you glean from all of that?
That's such a good point. We go back on the ground in Austin tonight. Our own correspondent Geraldo Rivera has been there, talking to the people on the ground. We're expecting a press conference also.
And I don't know if you heard, Geraldo, but the attorney general in fact, said what was tweeted out that you reported, that this was an incendiary device, at the Goodwill place where they found this tonight. He said he believes and law enforcement is telling the attorney general of Texas, that they believe this is in fact connected to this Austin serial bomber.
Yes.
You're attacking people serving other people or people that probably are in deep need in their life that need help. Can you get any lower than that? You really can't, Geraldo.
That's what -- how in this day and age, Geraldo, and I think this is the most important point that you're making with surveillance cameras that basically are everywhere, everything is surveilled in this day and age and yet, we have not been able to get him?
Going back to the timeline in this particular case. You know, it starts on what, March 8. You know, and he has been active. And he's been most active today. Because we have the two bombs earlier today at the FedEx, one in Austin, one near San Antonio, one explodes, one doesn't explode. Then you have this incident tonight at the goodwill. I would think that there's got to be some camera, someplace, somewhere that captures this guy putting these -- putting these bombs out there.
Let me go back to the attorney general of Texas. Attorney General Paxton. Let's go back to your sources for a brief moment tonight. We were told though, this is only an incendiary device. They don't believe that this was connected to this Austin serial bomber. But in fact, your sources say you believe it is connected.
It didn't make sense what - and I never heard that term before. When I looked up what incendiary device is, I'm like OK, that sounds like something that can be --
It's a bomb.
Yes.
Yes.
Eighteen years.
I agree. And Dan, from your law enforcement experience, I think Manny is dead on here. And that is that his guy now he seems to want to be in the news. The acceleration that we have going on here. But that probably gives us more opportunities, as scary as it is for the people of Boston, to at least figure out who this might be.
Manny, you wanted to jump in?
For law enforcement.
But if he used a trip wires, now he's up to a little more sophisticated.
It is a great reminder. Because I know law enforcement they are so -- they are so committed to their jobs. Broward County was the anomaly. And that is a good admonition and a good warning to all of our friends in law enforcement. The FBI. And remember, I've always have the greatest respect for rank and file, not these guys in D.C. that have abused their power. That's a small portion. The 99.9 percent that put their lives on the line every day.
Let me, if I can, let me go back to Dr. Gorka. When you see an acceleration like, this it seems like they sense this guy is sensing they're closing in, he wants to create as much havoc, terror as possible. Do you also think that there's something about him seeking some type of notoriety?
Let me interrupt you. A good friend of mine, Steve Malzberg, a friend of mine sent me this thing in the Daily News that just broke. That social media, there's a user that's claiming and it's written in the Daily News that is literally claiming that to be behind the bombings that have terrorized Austin now in recent weeks, vowing he won't stop until he becomes as prolific as the zodiac killer.
Again, I can't confirm this. It is in the New York Daily News. My intention is not to kill people. I'm doing this simply because I want to watch the world burn. Someone using the handle 'Austin bomber' posting on one of the prominent web site today. And the anonymous user making a string of disturbing messages in which he is comparing himself to the zodiac case, and that's the serial killer who never, you know, was identified or caught though he murder at least, what, five people in California going back to the 60's early 70's if memory serves me well.
Let me go back to Geraldo on the ground in Austin tonight. Geraldo, that's an interesting point. You and I read the Daily News every day of our lives. What are your thoughts?
That's what the Daily News says.
All right. Geraldo -- I know Geraldo will be on through Laura Ingraham's show tonight. And stay with the Fox News Channel.
Let me go back to the attorney general, the great State of Texas. Again, our thoughts and prayers go out. I love my friends in Texas. Governor, I frankly, wish I lived there with you a lot of times.
I'm sorry that you're all going through this. I want to get back to -- this is now an acceleration. I don't know if -- I look at the Daily News. I used to deliver the Daily News. I've read this newspaper my whole life. If that turns out to be a social posting, that would be a big clue for law enforcement.
I hope so. Manny?
Like the Son of Sam case.
Unabomber case, the manifesto got him.
Yes, arrest him.
Last thoughts, Dr. Gorka.
Dan Bongino, last call.
All right. Thank you, all. You guys have been amazing tonight. Sad news for the State of Texas. Our friends in Austin, you're in our prayers.
Stay with the Fox News Channel continuing coverage. Let not your heart be troubled. Laura Ingraham is following all of this live next.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 51  ***************************************************
 I told you I suspected that last night. Again, it's true.
Catherine Herridge, our own Catherine Herridge reporting the suspect did not show any remorse during an interrogation with authorities. And another report says that terrorist is now boasting, and he said to be, quote, "Proud of this attack."
Also tonight, there are reports that the mosque this terrorist attended in Paterson, New Jersey, was previously under surveillance by the New York Police Department in the mid-2000s. This is beyond disturbing, but unfortunately it is not surprising.
We have seen these types of attacks take place time and time again. Why? Because people on the left, Democrats, liberals, gutless politicians refuse to take the necessary actions from stopping this from happening in the first place. We will have more on that in a second.
But first, the president is responding to this terror attack and he's calling for tougher measures to keep the American people safe. Isn't that what is most important? Including ending the diversity visa lottery program that this radical Islamist, he used to enter the country. Take a look at this.
Diversity visa lottery. And then he brought in 23 others. We knew nothing about him.
Now, the White House is also saying that they can treat this jihadist as an enemy combatant. I agree with this, watch this.
Also, the president rightly blasted the Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer on Twitter. He wrote, quote, "The terrorist came into our country through what is called the 'Diversity Visa Lottery Program,' a Chuck Schumer beauty, I want merit based." Meaning, merit based immigration.
The president is right, the diversity visa lottery program, well, that was Chuck Schumer's stupid idea and the Department of Homeland Security has confirmed that the radical Islamist in fact use that program to enter our country in 2010.
And as you just heard the president say, this terrorist was the point of contact for 23 more people that have or may have come into this country.
Now Senator Chuck Schumer -- this was back in 1990 when he was a congressman -- he introduced the bill creating this diversity visa lottery to allow immigrants to flow into the country. Now, Schumer's proposal eventually became part of a large immigration package that was passed into law.
And back in 2013, Chuck Schumer was bragging about what he did. Now, here is how Radio Liberty quoted him. "I was the author of [the diversity visa program], so I care about it," Schumer said. That is after 9/11/01.
Excuse me? Is there any chance the terrorist could get into this country if Schumer didn't author that bill? Let me be clear, the odds are so much greater now because of the program. We would be a safer country if it weren't for this program. Maybe those people would be alive today.
In 2006, we have a Government Accountability Office report that actually warned about terrorists and other bad actors exploiting this visa program. Congratulations, Chuck Schumer, your brilliant idea to be more inclusive, it may have contributed to Americans losing their lives and being injured in New York City yesterday.
And I have a question for the liberal senator: Where your tears now, Chuck? This is something you should actually be crying about. Dead and injured New Yorkers. You're a New York senator.
Now, regardless of whatever talking points this liberal echo chamber in America is going to be spewing about all this, there is nothing that says America has to take in anybody from any country. Foreigners have no right to come here, it is a privilege, and President Trump and Congress are well within their constitutional authority to restrict access of whoever they see fit to come into the country.
Look, there's no way to ascertain what is in the hearts and minds of people who want to enter this country. Do they want to bring us harm, or not bring us harm? Do they bring, say if they grow up in a country that persecutes women and Christians and Jews and kill gays and lesbians? Are they bringing those cultural mores with them?
That is why the president is now calling for a common sense approach. We need now, badly, extreme setting. Especially from these countries with these deplorable human rights records, abusive women, gays, lesbians, Christians, Jews. It is horrible. We need extreme vetting from societies and cultures that conflict with our constitutional freedoms and values.
The bottom line: we need to know for sure who was coming into this country, and if we are not 100 percent sure, sorry, American safety comes first. Now, you wouldn't welcome somebody into your house, would you? Let them eat dinner with your family, if you knew nothing about them? I don't think you would. So, why shouldn't the same standard apply to our country?
Now, the current system the Democrats are trying to defend is beyond stupid. They are not protecting the American people. It's reckless and it's creating a very clear and present danger for you, the American people.
You have people like Chuck Schumer, they need to answer this question: is immigrant diversity really more important than the safety of the American people? Because at the end of the day it's that simple. Do they care more about letting people into this country who could cause us harm, or is their first job and responsibility to protect the American people? Now, the answer should be obvious, but for many on the left it is not.
Now, take for example the surveillance of the mosque that we know literally in this country, there are them out there that give rise to radical ideas and beliefs. It's happening inside this country. Now, we just told you that the mosque that this terrorist attended was monitored by the FBI in the early 2000s. But guess what? Incomes comrade Mayor de Blasio of New York City, he shut the program down. And de Blasio actually praised the decision of himself saying, quote, "This reform is a critical step forward in easing tensions between the police and the communities they serve so that our cops, our citizens can help one another go after the real bad guys."
Now, here's a news flash for the mayor of New York City: keeping that surveillance program intact may have prevented a terror attack like yesterday from ever happening. But de Blasio, he doesn't care about that. He's more concerned with being politically correct. Because God forbid we hurt the terrorists' feelings. God forbid we risk defending people against finding them, those that want to kill us and destroy us. The mayor is pathetic, Chuck Schumer is pathetic ,they are both clueless.
Now, he, along with Governor Cuomo, another clueless one in New York, are also shamelessly politicizing this attack. They are going after President Trump. They were asked about gun control by the liberal media during a press conference earlier today. Pretty unbelievable. Watch this.
Wait a minute. Don't they both have armed guards constantly, 24/7 around-the-clock? Oh, they are protected with guns. Amazing.
By the way, this is just in and this is breaking, prosecutors now say that the terrorist suspect asked to hang an ISIS flag in his hospital room. Number two, prosecutors say the terror suspects said he felt good about killing innocent people.
So, you look at people like the mayor of New York, the governor of New York. Massive hypocrites. They are accusing President Trump of politicizing the tragedy, which is exactly what they just did earlier today.
And here's the other thing. What does gun control have to do with this? The Jihadist used a pickup truck, he didn't have real guns, and we know that even the strictest gun law wouldn't have stopped a terrorist. Now, just take a look at what happened in Paris in 2015. Remember, Paris has some of the toughest gun laws in the world, and it didn't matter. Jihadists still slaughtered over 125 people.
So, de Blasio, Cuomo, they don't know what they are talking about, they are completely wrong about what it's going to take to keep the American people safe. Again, they've got armed guards. And as a result of their liberal policies, reminding the governor, reminding the mayor -- they all want to be so inclusive, excepting of refugees, un-vetted immigrants -- about their comments about conservatives in New York. Remember Governor Cuomo? Because I had governors from all over the country inviting me to live in their states, which by the way don't have a 10 percent state income tax, after you said this about anybody that's on the other side politically than you. Let's remind people.
Wait a minute. I'm pro-life, I believe in the Second Amendment, it's clear what our founders and framers want, and Governor Cuomo, I'm the one that is saying that maybe if you come from a country that kills people for who they are, being gay and lesbian, they are being thrown off buildings, and people then want to -- they grow up with those values, they want to come here to America. It tells you all you need to know about Governor Cuomo. By the way, he thinks he's going to be president one day.
Here is the bottom line tonight: America's safety is at stake tonight. These policies pushed by the likes of Schumer and Cuomo and de Blasio, they are putting all of us in harm's way.
Here to react to all of this, former deputy assistant to the President Sebastian Gorka. Also, former senior intelligence officer, Lieutenant Colonel Tony Shaffer. Former NYPD counterterrorism lieutenant who actually surveilled individuals who attended the mosque in Paterson, New Jersey, where this gentleman attended.
This was in the early 2000s. Bill McGroarty is with us. Let me start, so, you were at the New York City as a lieutenant, you're the New York City counterterrorism task force, right?
Intelligence. Okay.
How many years were you with that department?
Okay. And as part of that, the commissioner at the time was Ray Kelly, if I recall.
And Ray Kelly said, okay, we've got to follow leads wherever they take us about radicalism, so we don't have another 9/11, right?
That took you to -- evidence took you to this mosque where this guy had attended at this point, right?
You weren't profiling people because they were Muslim.
Yes. And so, you surveilled a specific mosque?
Was there radicalism going?
But you would define it as a radical Islamic thought?
Was it also plotting and planning radical Islamic terror?
How many people do you think in the course of this surveillance program that the NYPD had, which I thought was a smart idea, it's like stop and frisk, smart idea, we're saving lives. How many people would you say individually you knew were radicalized by your surveillance of this particular mosque?
Wow! In one mosque.
And how many in other places?
But they are talking about it.
If it's 20 and that mosque, how many can you think, estimate off the top of your head in all of your surveillance.
Over a thousand in the New York metropolitan area?
And we found it.
And all of a sudden de Blasio becomes mayor, ends that surveillance program.
And handcuff but you can't do your job?
Dr. Gorka, let me bring you in. So, de Blasio ends his surveillance program. They had found over a thousand people they believe are radicalized. They are now free to do whatever they want, nobody is checking into them. Schumer authored the diversity visa program. People can come in, no vetting. Bring 23 more people with him, we know nothing about them. This is spectacularly stupid and dangerous to the American people.
Yes. Lieutenant Colonel Schaefer, let me get your reaction to all of this.
This was a known wolf.
These policies --
These policies have put Americans at risk. We would use common sense. People would be alive today.
You agree with that?
Do you agree with that, Dr. Gorka because I agree with that.
Hang on. We got to take a break.
All right. I have a huge announcement tonight coming up. Really good news in spite of all of this sadly. Also, we will investigate the investigators tonight, a powerful monologue that you won't hear any well or else. We have more analysis throughout the entire hour.
Stay with us. When we come back we will expose some of the medias most despicable, shameful coverage of this terror attack in New York City. It will blow your mind. And by the way, if you want to join us, go to Twitter. My page @SeanHannity. And do you think the Jihadist who carried out this attack should be sent to Gitmo? Something we will be debating later, straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." Now, following the New York City terrorist attacks, some predictably and sadly in the mainstream media, they are just having a hard time understanding the mindset behind these actions. Shortly after the horrific incident, you have liberal fake news CNN's fake Jake Tapper while he described the phrase shouted by the terrorist, "Allahu Akbar." Well, he said that sometimes can be something said in beautiful circumstances. Let's play it.
If they had a lower third on CNN and it actually said, oh, the terrorist, we are not terrorist, so the suspect was saying God is great in Arabic. Well, that's actually called "Allahu Akbar."
Now, Tapper has since been levying multiple attacks on the FOX News Channel reporting the comments in context that you just listen to. He tweeted, quote, "FOX news is lying. I said it can be said at beautiful moments, wedding, birth, too often in times like this, horrific terrorist attacks." And then he went on, quote, "And yes, I know they do this all the time. Still literally the day after this horrific attack they would launch this smear, it's sick."
Hey, Jake. Maybe that's why you have low ratings. Tell your audience the truth. And meanwhile, Mr. thrill up his leg, Chris Matthews over at conspiracy TV, MSNBC. He asked why the suspect might have anger towards us in the U.S. Watch this.
Really, Chris? Really? This is a worldwide, global, radical jihadist war that they are fighting, and have been fighting for a very long time. You remember 9/11 2001? Wake up.
Joining us now, we continue with the former deputy assistant to the President Sebastian Gorka and American First Action spokesman, senior advisor, former Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke. Sheriff Clarke, it is rather mind-numbing. Oh, the Chiron that says, oh, he said God is Great in Arabic. We all know what "Allahu Akbar," the context in which this was used in this case, like it has been used so many other times in the past.
It infuriates me that the media in this country, they no longer care about truth and facts. And over there, fake news, and over there a conspiracy theory TV, all they care about is Donald Trump and destroying the President. That's it. There's no truth anymore that they tell their audience. They are all a bunch of sheep that report the same lies. But that's my feeling, what is yours?
Let me go to Sebastian. You know, Sebastian, when you were at the White House, I watched you do interviews and you were once on the fake news, Clinton news network and you actually said, the cartoon network gets higher ratings than you guys do.
There is a reason -- and by the way -- there's a reason that nobody wants to watch them. People no longer trust CNN. They don't trust conspiracy theory TV MSNBC. Isn't that the real reason?
Last word, David Clarke. It's interesting. After all that has happened around the world, still people don't want to use vetting. If they still don't want to secure the border and I'm thinking these policies now are endangering good, innocent Americans. These people that were mowed down yesterday riding their bicycles, taking a walk on a beautiful autumn fall day. It's just ridiculous to me.
I like Power.
I love on the president -- these are soulless animals. If you can mow down innocent people and slaughter them, you are evil. This is evil in our time. Let's wake up. For all the rest of you in the media, wake up. Thank you both, appreciate it. We have so much more to come. I have a good news announcement coming up later in the program tonight. You also don't want to miss a special Hannity investigation into Robert Mueller and the corruption. We will investigate the investigators. Also you don't want to miss that and you won't hear this anywhere else, as we continue a powerful debate next.
He would consider that. The president earlier today when asked if he would send this terrorist who killed eight and injured more in New York City to Gitmo. Joining is now with reaction, Fox News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera. Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett, the author of brand-new book, just out today, FATWA hunted in America, Pam Geller is with us. I assume Geraldo and Pam are going to be fighting, so I will start with Greg before the fight begins.
That authorization continues. The war on terror continues.
So he is part of the war on terror, because of legal technicality that ISIS didn't exist when the authorization occurred, you are saying lawyers will tie this up in the courts?
Obama open the gates and set them free.
The courier which led to bin Laden thanks to waterboarding of only three people. Of only three people ever got water boarded and he was one of them. That is how we got the courier. Geraldo Rivera, you and Pam last night passionately disagree. Enemy combatant, not an enemy combatant. We can argue that, but the more important question to me is you have a mayor of New York that ends a surveillance program. I just interviewed a detective that for years was surveilling, including that particular mosque saying he knew 20 radical thoughts, people who are radical thoughts within that mosque, a thousand nationwide. De Blasio ends the program. Schumer. I author the diversity visa program. That is what got this guy into the country. Does this not highlight that the Presidents right on vetting, on building the wall, protecting the country, protecting the American people first?
I forgot. Obama built a soccer field.
It is terrorism, but when you have a diversity visa program with Schumer that lets anybody in. And this guy brought 23 more people within. We don't vet them, we don't know anything about them. This is the point I made last night, Pam. If you grew up in a culture and society that abuses women, kills gays and lesbians and persecutes Christians and Jews, we need to know if you are bringing those sick mores and values with you.
I know. I got to stand there for a while.
We are running out of time. Real quick, Pam 15 seconds and then we will give Geraldo time.
I got to be fair, Geraldo I will give you 20 seconds. We are just out of time. I would keep this all night. This is a one hour special. Go ahead Geraldo.
Let me think you both. We will have you all back. Greg, I told you they are going to go at it.
All right. When we come back, all right shocking things you won't hear anyone else about the Special Counsel. We investigate the investigators, and some good news coming up, and announcement straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." As we told you earlier this week there's a major crisis in this country. Equal justice under the law, and everything that we hold sacred as a country is now under flagrant assault by an overreaching, highly unethical group of investigators. Those led by the Special Counsel Robert Mueller. Tonight we will do what the mainstream media will never do, because they are ideological in every sense of the word. You want the truth, we will investigate the investigators and tonight expose their corruption in their massive conflicts of interest. We will have all of that and more in this very important monologue.
All right tonight since we are the complete opposite of the destroyed Trump media and since we really care about truth, at the end of the day, don't you deserve the truth, we will tell you about something you will not hear about anywhere else. That is the massive conflicts of interest coming from the Special Counsel Robert Mueller and his team. This is beyond shocking, and it is beyond disturbing. The Special Counsel's investigation has become a partisan witch hunt that is now rotten to the core. This is the type of thing frankly, sadly you would expect in a banana republic. Not in the United States of America, here's why. Take a look at the side of your screen. These are the political donations that key members of Mueller's team have made to Democrats over the years, including, look at that, Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama. When you add it all up, it's over $50,000. You would have to be stupid to think that investigators donated all of that money to people like Clinton and Obama, but they are going to be fair and unbiased in our investigation against Donald Trump and a Republican. Just imagine if the tables were turned and it was a Republican donors investigating Democrats.
The left, the media in this country, they would be apoplectic and they would be calling for the Special Counsel to be shut down immediately. Isn't this the height of hypocrisy? Now let us start with a Special Counsel Robert Mueller himself. A lot of people have been saying sterling record, above reproach. Sadly that is a lie. Mueller has glaring conflicts of interest. For example, as we've been telling you on this program, back in 2009 when he was the FBI Director, the FBI uncovered a Russian bribery plot involving, let's see, money laundering and kickbacks and extortion and racketeering. Mueller was the head of the FBI. The FBI knew in 2009. If they had an inside informant. If they had tapes, they had documents, they had emails, and yet as far as we know Mueller did nothing to stop Vladimir Putin and the Russians from trying to corner 20 percent of America's uranium market, the foundational material to make nuclear weapons. That is scary.
That would mean Mueller would be complicit in that huge, massive scandal, and we will have a big breaking news story tomorrow for you on that issue. By the way, that includes Barack Obama and also other key administration officials, and we know Bill and Hillary Clinton are up to their eyeballs in this. You can't ignore the fact that also Mueller's best buddies with the disgraced former FBI Director James Comey, who by the way in the end could end up being a key witness in this investigation. According to Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett, that could be a violation of two federal laws. It's also a massive conflict of interest.
We can't forget that the day before Mueller was named Special Counsel, he actually interviewed with President Trump. He wanted his FBI Director's job back. Because of that alone, Mueller should have never been appointed to lead this investigation. He didn't get the job. Then there's this guy Andrew Weissmann, pay close attention to his name. He is now Mueller top investigator, at least one of them in the Russian probe. Remember, he is the Obama-loving federal prosecutor. Let us see, he donated over $4,000 to the former President and the DNC. Weissmann also has a very deeply troubling history of using strong-armed prosecutorial tactics. Our colleague Gregg Jarrett did some digging into Weissmann past. Here's what he found.
Backdoor in the Enron accounting scandal. Weissmann was a hard-charging prosecutor on the task force that brought a controversial obstruction of justice case against the accounting firm. It was called Arthur Anderson and that eventually put the company out of business, cost tens of thousands of people their jobs. What Weissmann did was so egregious that in 2005, imagine this, the Supreme Court of the United States, how often do we hear of unanimous decisions? They overturned Weissmann's conviction, a 9 nothing unanimous ruling. But Weissmann troubling behavior doesn't even end there. His criminalization of a business transaction between Enron and Meryl Lynch, that sent people to jail, that was overturned by the fifth U.S. Circuit court of appeals. Critics have accused Weissmann of using intimidating tactics, intimidating witnesses, creating crimes that don't exist, and in one case in particular, actually withholding evidence that would have helped a defendant, really?
Just like Mueller and so many other Obama officials, Weissmann is also tied to the corrupt uranium one deal in the ensuing cover-up. We will have a lot of news tomorrow, pay attention. Weissmann run the DOJ's fraud section during the Russian bribery scheme and Gregg Jarrett actually picked this up, all kudos to him. That his name, Weissmann name and his signature are actually on the bottom of the plea agreement signed by the Russian businessman involved in that case. Another name and signature on a document is now the deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, another conflicts. Remember he is the one who appointed Robert Mueller as Special Counsel. Rosenstein seems also complicit in this uranium one scandal, because back then he helped oversee the investigation as a U.S. Attorney.
All of the key players involved in this are actually an embarrassment to the justice system. All of them have major conflicts. All of them, Mueller, Weissmann, Rosenstein. They should have recused themselves. How could they be capable of investigating themselves? This entire Russia investigation was supposed to be about so-called Russia collusion. But so far no evidence, zero, zip. Here's something the media will never tell you, because they are so corrupt. Now, if it was anyone else besides Mueller, Weissmann, Rosenstein and the rest of this corrupt cast of characters, they would all be investigating the Clintons and the Clinton campaign in the DNC and frankly Obama. Except they can't because they are all compromised in investigating uranium one deal and other things. Now, because we now have incontrovertible evidence of all this wrongdoing.
Now here's why they will do nothing. These people are all part of the D.C. Judicial swamp. Notice that they are in one investigation one year, the next when the next year, they are after. Real investigations into the Clintons would expose all of them and their complicit behavior. We will have a lot more on this tomorrow night. More coming up.
Welcome back to "Hannity." As many of you know the movie that I am the executive producer, it opened last week, it is called "Let There Be Light." Thanks to all of you for a huge opening weekend, in spite most of studio, this is all independent film. Now this weekend we will be adding at least 300 more theaters, at least 300 more and we are still staying in the 373 we have. So we may be over 700. You made that happen so many more people would be able to see the movie. Find out the location in your area, Hannity.com, my website, Hannity.com. By the way here is what a few movie goers had said about the film. Take a look. It touched their hearts.
Here is a tip, if you go, you will never figure out the ending and bring tissues. Hannity.com for the locations this weekend. Also you don't want to miss tomorrow night, we will have massive huge breaking news. By the way President Obama, tic-tac you may want to watch. Unfortunately that is all the time we have left this evening. Thanks you for being with us. She is here and doing amazing. And we are so proud of her. Welcome, you had been doing incredible in the ratings.
So happy. Welcome aboard. It only took two months to get you here, but you are doing amazing. I hope you stay here now.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 52  ***************************************************
 The Uranium One deal is the greatest example where Vladimir Putin now has control 20 percent of our uranium resources which is insanity, and there was how much paid in that deal when all said and done?
I'm starting to believe -
Massive amount of money. They got a huge payback, and they now control 20 percent of America's uranium. Now, here's a big question, "Why aren't the Democrats that have been pushing the theory that's false with no evidence for eight months? Why aren't members of the all-radical left destroy Trump media? Why aren't they worried about what is the real alleged Russian Association?
They're so worried about Russia meddling in the election. Isn't this far more worthy of an investigation? I wouldn't hold your breath. Now meanwhile, liberal lawmakers, they're not trying to impugn the character of the House Intelligence Committee chair, and that's Devin Nunes. Now, last week, Democrats were outraged after the congressman announced that he had briefed the president on new information he had received that proved the Obama administration did in fact surveil President-elect Trump and his transition team.
Now, on this program, Chairman Nunes said it was his duty to inform the president. Yesterday, Democrats up in arms because they learned that Nunes met his source on the White House grounds. All right. It sounds nefarious, not really. Congressman Nunes said he did it in order to be near a secure location where he could properly view the material provided by his source, but that's not good enough for liberal democratic snowflake lawmakers. Many, like House Minority Leader Pelosi, are now calling for Nunes to recuse himself like Senator Snowflake Schumer calling from to be replaced. This is nuts. Watch this.
Yet they don't care about the truth, neither does media. Now, Congressman Nunes to his credit, he's not backing down. Here's what he said earlier today.
And earlier today, Speaker Ryan was asked if Nunes should recuse himself. He said, "No. Congressman Nunes better be ready because the Democrats, they'll pull out every dirty trick out of their hat to impugn his character and his integrity. The real story the media won't tell you. That's what this is about. You want corruption? Look at the Hillary Clinton Foundation, the Clinton family foundation. Look at the money that went in Bill's pocket, and she had to sign off 20 percent of America's uranium going to Putin and Russia? Oh, I thought the media was concerned about this.
Here with reaction, author of the bestseller "Treason" Fox contributor, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich. Mr. Speaker, we got one donation, $31 million from this Canadian Frankie Astra who went to Kazakhstan with Bill Clinton, and this was in the lead up to the deal. And then also, when you look at the money that was given over a period of time, millions were donated to the Clinton Foundation. Bill gets twice as general speaking fee and Hillary signed off on Russia getting 20 percent of America's uranium, which is used to make nuclear weapons. What are your thoughts?
Yes, that's a great question. It seems, to me, that's a quid pro quo, a Secretary of State signs off on letting Russia have ownership of 20 percent of our uranium? That is insanity me. And if Donald Trump did it, I guarantee you that what is now an eight-month-no- evidence conspiracy, it would be Watergate on steroids. Let me ask you this, we now learn from James Rosen and John Solomon and Sarah Carter, all investigative journalists for decades of experience that, in fact, there was surveillance at Trump Tower, and went on in November, December and January, and it may have even happened before the election. Time will tell.
Shouldn't that concern every American that their surveillance and that probably the sitting president at the time, President Obama and his closest aides, knew exactly what's going on in Trump Tower, and they didn't tell him?
Let me ask an important question, though, about healthcare. I think this was mishandled from the start. In other words, nobody in the Congress got to see the bill that was being scored by the CBO. It -- consensus was not built ahead of time. Rumors came out before the bill was released, people were vocal about expressing - I hope that's not in there. I hope that's not in there. Then, a public Civil War emerges on T.V. because there is such disagreement. All right. What's the right thing for them to do now because this was a major promise? They had eight years to do this. To me, I think it was rolled out in the worst way imaginable. I'm holding them accountable like I promised. How can they fix this?
How did they get away not using reconciliation? They're not going to get any Democrats to vote for it.
And that means Claire McCaskill and Joe Manchin.
I think the president was ill served here.
All right. Mr. Speaker, always good to see you. We'll see you later this week as well. Thank you.
And coming up, we're still calling on CBS news to release the full 45+ minutes sit down I did with Ted Koppel. Just a few weeks ago, they only had y at 70 seconds. Laura Aidan weighs in next. Plus, Senator Sessions calling on sanctuary cities to abide by federal laws, otherwise, they may get federal funding cut off. But some liberal mayors are vowing to resist.
Also tonight.
Not a great sorry "I got arrested, mom." We'll play part two of our series exposing spring break. You won't believe what these trouble kids are getting into. Ainsley Earhardt joins us, and by the way, you may not want to give them the money next year. Straight ahead.
Hi, welcome back to "Hannity." So, last night in this program, I told you a CBS NEWS veteran, Ted Koppel, said I was, quote, "bad for America." They only aired 70 seconds of what was like a 50-minute-sit-down interview that was taped earlier this month. Well, this was not the first time that CBS has been called out for editing interviews.
Now, back in September of 2012, after the Benghazi attack in Libya that killed four Americans, CBS sat down with President Obama the day after that attack. But when they first aired the interview, they didn't get into any details about Benghazi.
Now, fast-forward, about a month during a debate with Mitt Romney, well, President Obama was challenged on whether or not he had called the Benghazi attack a "terror attack" from the very beginning. The president said he did. Romney said he did not. Three days later, CBS, they came to the rescue and they aired a previously unaired clip from their interview with the president where he said this. Watch.
It doesn't say it's a terror attack. It appears to back up the president's claim that he called the terrorism from day one, even though he really didn't. So, why didn't CBS include that in their original reporting?
Then, a few weeks later, right before the 2012 election, CBS quietly posted an extended clip of the Benghazi conversation on their website. Watch this.
So why did CBS wait so long to put that out when it was part of a debate a month earlier? Were they trying to cover for the president? This is why we continue to demand that CBS News release the full interview that I have with Ted Koppel. What do they have to hide? Anyway, we reached out to the network today, but shockingly, have not heard back.
Joining us with reaction, editor-in-chief of LifeZette, nationally syndicated radio host, Fox News Contributor -- big smile on her face -- Laura Ingraham. You've - we've dealt with this our whole lives, but they -- in that particular case, they had the answer to a big question in a big debate. They wouldn't air it. Why?
The republicans.
Yes. So do you.
You know, it's so sad. The reason they're not going to release this, Laura, after the first question, I gave a substantive answer.
He goes "I'm not going to air that answer." Michael, why am I my sitting here? Do you want my real opinion or not? And all throughout the rest of the interview, I'm taunting him. "Are you going to keep this in, Ted? Are you going to keep that in? Are you going to edit that out, Ted?" And it's like, of course, they don't want to air that part. So, you know.
Yes, you're right.
My mistake.
All right. I'm not holding my breath. All right. Laura, stay with us. We're going to keep you back for the next segment, and coming up, after the break.
The Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, calling on sanctuary cities to abide by federal law, but some democratic mayors, they're vowing to resist. Laura Ingraham, Monica Crowley, they'll react.
Plus, President Trump signs a new executive order about energy independence. We get reaction from the EPA administrator, Scott Pruitt.
And part two of our series exposing how dangerous spring break is for your kids that you're paying for. That's all straight ahead with Ainsley Earhardt.
That was the president earlier today. He's vowing to end sanctuary cities, deport criminal illegal immigrants. Yesterday, Attorney General Jeff Sessions addressed this issue. Watch this.
Some big city Democratic mayors are vowing to fight the Trump administration. We continue with Laura Ingraham. Joining now also is conservative commentator Monica Crowley. Monica, I'll start with you. L.A. San Francisco, Chicago, and New York, all right, they want to aid and abet criminal aliens. That's a crime. I spoke to a father today. His 21- year-old son was killed in a convenient store by a criminal illegal immigrant that had previously raped and held -- and kidnapped a woman for an entire week. We didn't deport him and he ended up killing his son.
There is no statutory limitations.
Laura, I look at this, and I am saying this is aiding and abetting crime. If any of the three of us did this, at least in my case, I would be handcuffed, perp-walked, mug-shoted, throw away the key, and you guys would have to visit me with a cake and a file.
Thank you both as always. We will have you both back soon. Appreciate it, thank you.
Coming up, today, President Trump signed an executive order related to energy independence. I've been saying this for years. The EPA administrator Scott Pruitt will join us next exclusively to explain what is going on. And also later tonight --
Part two of our series exposing spring break, your kids absolutely wasted and hammered and plastered. Ainsley Earhardt is here with that dangerous report.
That was President Trump speaking earlier today after keeping yet another campaign promise by signing a new energy independence executive order that will roll back the Obama administration's energy regulations. Here with reaction, the Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt is with us.
Sir, I have been saying for years, we have all this natural gas and coal and oil underneath our feet and we are begging countries that hate us for our energy, the lifeblood of our economy. Explain what this executive order will do and what it means for America's goal towards energy independence.
Let me ask. It's very interesting. If you listen to the left, especially Al Gore, this is the same Al Gore, sir, that I caught on a gulfstream three which is one of the least energy efficient models of private aircraft in the sky. Then he'd get off with only two people. It seats 15 or 16. He got off the plane into his private limo. So I guess he bought carbon offsets.
But he recently suggested the civil war in Syria and Brexit are caused by climate change. How do you answer this insanity?
Sir, many years ago I was a contractor and I bought an old providence gas company van. It was the best $200 I ever spent in my life. It did have some body damage, but I fixed that myself. I was able to do it. It was a vehicle that had a run -- this was back in the early '80s, that used to be run on natural gas. It runs cleaner, as I understand it, than, for example, gasoline, and we have more than the entire Middle East has oil combined. Do you see America maybe moving towards natural gas run vehicles? How much with the average American save and how many jobs would be created?
And how many millions of jobs will be created do you think? If we go with this all the above strategy, because energy is the lifeblood of any economy, how many years would it take America to become fully energy independent, and how many jobs will be created if we keep clean coal and natural gas and drilling and maybe even nuclear at some point, and by the way, new developments and new technologies that emerge as well?
Can you guess how many millions of jobs might be created?
Sir, this is a big day.
This may be probably the single biggest jumpstart to the economy up to date that the president did. A huge win. And you will come under fire, but don't worry, I'm sure the civil war in Syria and Brexit is not a result of climate change. Thank you for being with us.
Up next, tonight, right here on "Hannity."
Up next, the dangers facing your kids. Part two of our series on spring break. You won't believe what our cameras caught on tape in South Padre Island in Texas. Ainsley Earhardt is back with us tonight with part two of our investigative series.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So last night we showed you part one of our exclusive look into what is really happening at college spring break as college students all across the country head to tropical destinations to let loose. Last night we saw a lot of risk risky behavior. Tonight we'll bring you part two. But be warned, what you are about to see is shocking. You may want to tell the kids to go get some cookies. Three, two, one.
Joining us now is "Fox & Friends" co-host Ainsley Earhardt. They were talking about molesting, sex on the beach, cocaine, marijuana, and to me, just my observation, everybody is plastered.
Did we chase them there from Panama City Beach?
And four died from what?
How many of these kids end up in the hospital?
Look, some are freshman, some of sophomores. They are not 21, and all this is going on. The biggest thing, and we got into this a little bit last night, is people outside of the area, really bad people, they come in and it their idea is to prey. You went into how, for example, nobody knows they are selling, quote, "ecstasy." It is not ecstasy. They're selling molly. It's not molly. We don't even know what's in these drugs.
So dangerous. A great job, as always. We did get the laws changed in Panama City Beach. And the bar owners, the bar owners hate both of us.
They do.
We have more "Hannity" as we continue. And yes, we will get to your mean-spirited, hateful, and some nice comments on the "Hannity" hotline straight ahead.
Time for our "Question of the Day," and it's simple. Do you think it is safe for your kids to go on spring break? Are you going to fork over the money for them to go have that great time and get hammered and smashed and be at risk in a lot of different ways? Just go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think. By the way, time for you to play those mean, horrible messages you keep leaving on the "Hannity" hotline. My hair is off. I wrinkle papers. All right, let's hear it.
I'm not against fun, but when kids get alcohol poisoning, bad drugs because people are preying on them, girls have been raped, people have been killed. I want them to have fun, but safer fun. You don't have to be totally wasted to have fun.
As far as being mean and hateful and negative, I try not to be. Anyway, have something to say, nice or mean, doesn't matter, call the number on your screen, 877-225-8587.
That's all the time we have left this evening. We shall see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 53  ***************************************************
 All right. Tonight, a brand new scandal involving anti-Trump FBI love birds, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page. Newly obtained text messages between Strzok and Page are revealing damning new information. Now, Strzok we find out today is friends with Federal Judge Rudolph Contreras who sits now on the FISA court.
Now, the romantically involved Trump haters, Strzok and Page, also message about attending a cocktail party with this judge, Judge Contreras. Now here is what is really disturbing. The judge presided over the hearing where Lieutenant General Michael Flynn pled guilty to lying to the FBI.
Now, there is a lot of other important context to explain here. We'll do that in just a minute.
But, first, take a look at brand new text messages. Let's start July 25th, 2016. Page writes: Rudy, the judge we are talking about, is on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. Did you know that?
And Page adds just, you know, appointed two months ago. Strzok replies, I did. And we talked about it before and after. I need to get together with him. So, Strzok and Judge Contreras know each other.
Now, Page letter writes read through this, thought of it because you had to Google Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court judges and saw him there. I'm telling you. Strzok follows up with, well, she brought up a good point about being circumspect in talking to him in terms of not placing him in a situation where he'd have to actually recuse himself.
Page then texts I can't imagine either one of you ever talking about anything in detail, meaningful enough to warrant a recusal. And Page says, well, anyway, maybe you didn't mean to but didn't. And Strzok answers really? Rudy? I'm in charge of espionage for the FBI. Any espionage FISA comes before him, what should he do? Given his friend oversees them?
Page replies in this particular case: standards for recusal though are quite high. I just don't think this poses an actual conflict. And he doesn't know what you do. And then Strzok responds, yes, generally does know what I do, not to the level of the scope or area, but he is super thoughtful and rigorous about ethics and conflicts.
And suggesting a social setting with others would probably be better than a one-on-one meeting. I'm sorry, I'm just going to have to invite you to the cocktail party. You can sit next to me -- I'm adding that part.
Strzok continues, of course, you'll be there. Have to come up with some other work people cover for action. And Page writes, why more? Six is perfectly fine for a dinner party.
Oh, six, intimate setting, they know each other, he is in his position, the judge in his position.
There is a lot to unpack here. What is clear is that Peter Strzok knew the judge and that both he and page wanted to attend a party with him. That is a massive conflict of interest, engineering a meeting with FISA judge under false pretenses in this case a cocktail party that could actually be on destruction and other criminal liability. We'll ask Gregg Jarrett in a minute.
What is really inexcusable is that the Department of Justice fought like hell, especially Rod Rosenstein to keep this information secret.
Now, Sara Carter reporting that congressional investigators working for Congressman Jim Jordan, Congressman Mark Meadows, they discovered these text messages at the DOJ's headquarters and this is part of the outrage. According to Sara Carter of the 1.2 million documents the DOJ inspector general has acquired, the House Oversight Committee has only received just over 3,000, quote, unique documents. That means the DOJ never ever wanted the stunning information to get out. They have been trying to hide it.
Remember back in January, the Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein begging in the final hours before they had to turn this information over, begging Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, allow the DOJ not to turn over the documents related to the Russia investigation to Devin Nunes and these congressional committees. It's now clear why Rod Rosenstein, yes, that guy that appointed Mueller now did this. It's all part of a year-long pattern of obstruction, of stonewalling, noncompliance, and Congress' enforce, by the way and constitutional duty to investigate and oversee the actions at the DOJ. You know, it's called checks and balances.
Think about this for a second. If Rod Rosenstein had his way, we wouldn't know about any of these scandals. People now need to be held accountable. This is why people like, oh, Grassley and Tillis and Cornyn and Graham are demanding as we have been demanding for a year a second special counsel to investigate the investigators. They can't investigate themselves.
As for that very important context, we learned that Strzok and Judge Contreras were friends and that Judge Contreras oversaw the Flynn case which after he accepted the plea, it was a mystery. Why did he recuse himself?
Now, we still don't know the exact reason why, but this could have something to do with it. We also know that Peter Strzok was the FBI agent. He oversaw the January 2017 White House interview of Lieutenant General Flynn and here's what we really need more information on, Strzok is the former FBI counter intelligence official who signed the paperwork to start the entire Russia investigation.
And as these new text messages revealed, Judge Contreras was on the FISA court. And sources have been telling us that Judge Contreras may have signed off on one of the FISA applications to approve the warrant to spy on Carter Page, Trump associate, which means the Trump campaign which likely gave the FBI access to Trump campaign communications.
This is stunning. It is corrupt. It is an abuse of power. And it shows inexcusable biases and conflicts of interest that the Department of Justice has tried to conceal.
Now, we need to know all the communications between Strzok, Page, and Contreras, as a matter of fact, release all the Strzok/Page text messages, everything you have got. We need to find out if Strzok was involved in putting together the FISA application for Carter Page. He was a former high ranking counterintelligence official who was bragging about it.
The FISA warrant for Page was signed in October 2016. Strzok was fired from Mueller's team in august of 2017. So, it is time for Strzok to tell us what did he know? When did he know it?
How does this guy have a job? And don't forget, Lisa Page was advising Andrew McCabe.
Now, we did also reach out to Judge Contreras for comment. He didn't get back to us.
And also breaking right now, USA Today is reporting the Justice Department is considering publicly releasing parts of the FISA surveillance order against Carter Page. How about releasing all of it? Now, this would mean we would get to see exactly how that fake news dossier, the bulk of which was used to get the FISA warrant against Page was used and how the FBI misled on purpose, purpose live omitted information to FISA judges about Clinton, that she bought and paid for fake news phony Russian dossier.
And also tonight, a significant new development speaking of Christopher Steele, Fox News tonight reporting a British court is now ordering Steele to sit for a videotaped deposition as part of an ongoing legal battle against BuzzFeed, the website that published the fake news dossier.
Now, to call this huge is a massive understatement. Now, Steele will likely be forced to try and verify the dossier that he and Fusion GPS and the FBI never verified, never corroborated. So, in other words, Steele will under oath have to admit whether or not he knew the dossier was full of lies from his phony Russian sources, but gave it to the FBI anyway.
And according to a new book, Steele told friends that it was kind of 50/50 about the most salacious part of the dossier. That's the part that involved the hookers at the Ritz Carlton urinating on a bed. And we also have learned more about Steele's use of current and former Russian government sources. We're going to be following this story very closely.
But also breaking right now, new details on the timeline for former deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe to be fired and lose his pension. Now, we're learning that the deadline could now be Saturday. And as we have been explaining the fact that McCabe is even in this position is stunning. It is inexcusable. It means he did something drastically radically wrong.
Our sources are telling us McCabe could end up facing multiple criminal charges. Forget about the pension. Just a few months ago, McCabe was put on leave after current FBI Director Christopher Wray was reportedly informed that McCabe was going to be exposed in the upcoming inspector general's report. I can't wait for that report.
And also tonight, as we have predicted for months, the disgraced former FBI Director Jim Comey, he's prepared to cash in on his new found fame. I did predict that. You know, in just a few weeks, Comey is going to kick off his whirlwind book tour. He's got tough interviews with Stephen Colbert, Clinton sycophant George Stephanopoulos, and a cozy sit-down with the ladies of "The View."
And according to that you report from Axios, Comey is planning to come out hot and correct all the so-called lies about him and the FBI. For months we have literally been bringing you the American people on a nightly basis breaking news, hard-hitting, investigative reports about the corruption at some of the highest levels of our government including the shocking details about the abuse of power at the very top of the FBI.
Now, James Comey, you want to come out hot? You want to answer hard, important questions? You're welcome on this program.
Tonight, I am officially opening up an invitation to James Comey. You want to sell your book? Come on this show. We'll give you a full hour. You name a day, we'll make it work. We'll work with your schedule.
I'll give you three hours on my nationally syndicated radio show which by the way is on 575 radio stations around America. So, everybody can hear from you. And we'll ask you the tough questions -- the ones that Stephen Colbert might miss.
For example, did you in fact tell a closed session of Congress that you believed Michael Flynn did not lie to the FBI? Did you think he's being unfairly prosecuted? Why did you draft a letter exonerating Hillary Clinton of charges in the email investigation months before she was interviewed by the FBI and 17 other important people?
And will you explain the lies and omissions to the FISA court? Why did you tell Trump that the dossier was unverified and salacious three months after you allowed the same dossier to be presented to the FISA court when you didn't tell the FISA court Hillary bought and paid for it and you knew that? Why did you withhold the fact that Clinton paid for the dirty dossier?
And how do you explain your unlawful leaking of classified information to the media after you were fired, you know, through that Columbia professor, you wanted a special counsel?
Jim Comey, if you are looking for fame and fortune, you want to sell books, by all means, have fun on "The View." Have a great time yakking up with Colbert. Hang out with George Stephanopoulos, go get a beer afterwards.
But if you want to really want to reach all Americans, defend your honor, if you really want to tell the truth, we've got a lot of questions for you, come on this show. A full hour, three hours of radio. That's the best deal you're going to get. We'll lay out all the facts, we'll lay out all the evidence, we'll give you a chance to respond. And as we say here at Fox, well, we report, we will let our audience decide if you are telling the truth.
Here with reaction, Fox News contributor Sara Carter, Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett.
I'm looking at all of this. Let's first start -- I think this is important as it relates to text messages.
That is such an important point. What do you think, right?
All right. Sara, you did amazing work today. I think it came out at noon. I think your article on SaraACarter.com was up like two hours later. I don't know how it you were able to pull it together so fast.
Let's get your take and your understanding based on your sources and conversations. Jim Jordan will join us in the next segment. But, obviously, if it wasn't for Jordan and Meadows, we wouldn't have this information because Rod Rosenstein doesn't want us to have this information.
But they're going to do it anyway.
And Comey said it.
So, what does that mean for Michael Flynn?
By the way, the guy has to sell his house now.
And I bet you they threatened his kid.
What about Christopher Steele? I mean, this is the guy behind the Trump hoax. You know, he went to Russia and Russian government sources.
Clinton paid for it all. And we are told, reported this week, he didn't even believe his own salacious report.
Sara, I cannot believe what I just heard.
You guys have been amazing. All right. More on the special edition of "Hannity."
Congressman Jim Jordan, Congressman Ron DeSantis, Tom Fitton, as we continue.
All right. Joining us now was we continue our special investigation and reacting to today's breaking news, Ohio Congressman Jim Jordan, Florida Congressman Ron DeSantis, and Judicial Watch president Tom Fitton.
Congressman Jim Jordan, let me start with you.
This is an amazing thing that Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Robert Mueller, who is the same guy that extended the FISA warrant with the phony dossier, which was the bulk of information, that he is -- he did not want Devin Nunes to get any of this material and that only because of digging by you and Congressman Meadows and your staffs were we able to find the latest Strzok-Page messages which show all of this, you know, collusion, if you will, to use a term or at least relationship with this judge that recused himself after he accepted General Flynn's plea.
Help me out here.
Well, let's go through that key question. Ron DeSantis that is a key question, why? Why? A judge doesn't take on a case, then recuse himself and then we find the judge is best friends with the guy at the heart of everything, Peter Strzok.
Yes. And, Tom Fitton, you have struggled and your organization has struggled. And this gets -- so, why are they trying to hide, remember, Devin Nunes waited until the final five minutes before the subpoena of this information from the DOJ that should have been handed over much earlier and now, Congressman Jordan, Congressman Meadows, Congressman DeSantis, they have to send their entire staffs over. They can't even take a picture of anything.
It's like don't they have oversight, isn't that part of checks and balances oversight committees are to check and balance to make sure that things don't go wrong.
Jim Jordan, you want to weigh in. Go ahead.
Well, what do you make of -- what do you make of Judge Contreras relationship with Peter Strzok in all of this.
Let's go back to this new reveal and it says, Congressman DeSantis in a text message with Strzok, Page to Strzok, "Rudy, meaning, Judge Contreras, is on the FISA court. Did you know that? Just appointed two months ago." And they discuss other things and of course Peter Strzok says, "We did. We talked about it before and after. I need to get together with him."
This is -- these two hate Donald Trump. And then they are best friends with the judge on the FISA court. Now, there were four separate FISA court judges that were all lied to because they never informed the judges in the application that Hillary had bought and paid for unverified, uncorroborated what turned out to be many Russian lies to influence the election. Congressman?
And what other information are you looking for, Tom Fitton.
I would only, Congressman Jordan --
You got to send your staff over every day.
If that's the only way we can get the information that has to happen now every day.
One of the biggest Trump haters in the country that has so much power bragging about his relationship and that, in fact, the judge knows all about what he does.
Thank you all. I appreciate it.
All right. When we come back, Dr. Sebastian Gorka and Sean Spicer how the media is completely smearing -- smearing President Trump's pick to lead the CIA she's too tough on terror as we continue this special edition of Hannity.
So the mainstream media anti-Trump echo chamber. They're at it again and this time they're trying to take down the president's pick to head the CIA. Her name is Gina Haspel. Now Haspel is a career intelligence officer who has been praised by colleagues for her very important work after 9/11 and she would be the first woman to serve as the CIA director if confirmed.
The mainstream media, liberal democrats they seem only interested in smearing the long serving intelligence official. ProPublica was recently forced to issue a correction on a report accusing Haspel of overseeing the waterboarding and abuse of a detainee being held a CIA black site, Abu Zubaydah.
The New York Times was forced to issue a similar correction. But prior to those retractions identical stories were echoed on multiple media outlets including fake news CNN. And that's not all. Some on the media are even denigrating Haspel's achievement as a woman. Vox is calling her selection quote, "not a feminist choice."
And the New York Times published and op-ed entitled, "Gina Haspel's rise is no victory for feminism."
Wow, here with reaction, Fox News national security strategist, former deputy assistant to the president, Sebastian Gorka, and former White House press secretary Sean Spicer. I can't believe that you have to be a liberal woman, Dr. Gorka. Is that what it is? In order to advance, you know, women's rights, you have to believe in certain fundamental issues or this does not advance feminism.
And then I heard Hillary this week say, the reason I lost is because white women listen to their husbands, to their bosses and their sons before voting for Donald Trump.
But it's actually worse than that Sean, we lost thousand Americans on 9/11, 2001. There was only three people waterboarded in the case of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed it led to the courier. The courier led to Bin Laden. Without waterboarding KSM there is no Bin Laden. What part of that do liberals disagree with we're too tough on terrorists? That's why they don't want her?
I just really -- we look at these times you have, Dr. Gorka, this cannot be emphasized enough. The biggest abuse of power scandal in the history of the country. It's literally sitting right there on a tee for the media. The media all they care about is Stormy Daniels and Russia-Trump collusion and after, what, almost 18 months we have no evidence.
This is all that they cover. And it's amazing that here with all the evidence we have Hillary fixes a primary. Hillary has criminal activity that is fixed for her. She purchases lies and a phony Russian dossier, lied to the American people. It's used to obtain FISA warrant and, of course, they don't tell the FISA judge that Hillary bought and paid for it so we can spy on opposition party candidate and campaign. How about covering real news for once?
All right. Sean Spicer --
Go ahead.
All right. Unbelievable. And I don't know how you did your job. I would have explode it -- exploded. I couldn't do it and you --
-- and what Sarah Huckabee does every day. God bless you both. You are better people than I am.
All right. The next story is going to make your blood boil. Coming up, the illegal immigrant who got away with killing Kate Steinle is claiming the federal case against him was vindictive and he wants it thrown out. We'll have more on that on this special edition of Hannity straight ahead.
So the story will totally outrage you. The five time deported illegal immigrant who got away with killing 32-year-old Kate Steinle on a San Francisco pier, this was back in July 2015 is now asserting, quote, "vindictive prosecution and collusion in the federal government's case against him."
Garcia Zarate's federal case came, a California state court acquitted him in November 2017 of first and second degree murder and involuntary manslaughter of Steinle. Garcia Zarate is facing federal charges of possessing a firearm while being a felon and being here illegally.
In an attempt to prove his, quote, "vindictive prosecution and collusion agreement," Garcia Zarate's cites comments President Trump and the Attorney General Jeff Sessions had made in the past regarding his case and is seeking all communications that the U.S. government has had with local law enforcement agencies.
Additionally, Garcia Zarate is claiming double jeopardy claiming that while he was already tried for being a felon possessing a firearm in state court.
Joining us now is former Pinal County Arizona Sheriff Paul Babeu is with us, and radio talk show host and Fox News contributor, Leslie Marshall. Paul, is there any doubt in your mind that this person was guilty based on the facts as we know them?
Do you have any problem with this case? Leslie?
Why is there the mysterious reluctance and how is it that the Oakland mayor can literally warn criminal illegal immigrants, ICE agents are coming. We are not talking about DACA, we're not talking about Dreamers. We're not talking about people that just want to better their lives. We are talking about people that not only didn't respect our laws and sovereignty but then came here and committed more crimes, and in many cases violent crimes.
Why -- why aren't -- why isn't the Oakland mayor arrested? How does -- why should California get one federal dollar being a sanctuary state which is basically aiding and abetting law breaking?
Aiding and abetting -- is that tipping off criminal illegal immigrants.
Is that aiding and abetting and obstructing justice?
Paul.
Paul?
Absolutely.
All right. Thank you both. When we come back, we'll have more of this special edition of "Hannity" straight ahead.
All right. Unfortunately, that's all the time we have left this evening. We do thank you for being with us. Don't forget you can follow me on Instagram at Sean Hannity. Same at Twitter at Sean Hannity. And by the way, please our movie that I produced, "Let There be Light," you can get it at Wal-Mart this weekend, Amazon.com. A whole family can watch it at Hannity.com Hope you have a great weekend. We'll see you back here. A lot of news we expect on Monday. Hope you'll join us.

show#: 54  ***************************************************
 All right, Mike Emanuel, thanks so much. And can you tell us a little bit -- I saw Paul Ryan and his message to the Senate. It was pretty firm, strong, Get your job done.
All right, pretty interesting -- Mike Emanuel will follow this all night tonight.
Also in the White House, there's a war to stop leaking. New communications director Anthony Scaramucci has a very colorful phone call with a reporter. Our own Ed Henry -- he's outside the White House tonight with all the details. Ed, and we see the cover of The New York Post tomorrow.
All right, let's talk a little bit -- I spoke to Anthony Scaramucci tonight. He says he believes in every way that he told this reporter it was off the record. We've got conflicting reports on that. But then it's "He said, he said."
All right, I'll have more in just a moment, my commentary on this.
All right, but it is make or break night tonight live here for the Republican Party and ObamaCare repeal, replace. GOP lawmakers -- they only have themselves to blame they're in this situation. That is tonight's "Opening Monologue."
You know, when we started the program tonight, I got to tell you it's really a shame that we are at this point with Senate Republicans having to pull an all-nighter. It's sort of taking toilet paper, they're wetting it down, they're throwing it up against the wall. That's their strategy, see what sticks strategy -- an attempt to try and pass some kind of health care bill so that they can then go to conference with House Republicans and eventually come up with a plan to do what they promised to do, that's repeal and replace ObamaCare.
Now, Senator McConnell just posted details of the, quote, "skinny" ObamaCare repeal. Republicans, they begged you, the American people, for this opportunity for seven long years. And they are now doing their best to squander it. There's no other way to spin this.
Now, yesterday, seven GOP senators -- they voted against the clean repeal of ObamaCare. Some of them voted for that very bill in 2015. It makes you wonder if everything you've been told for years was just all talk. Now, it sure certainly seems that way.
And as I said last night, these senators have put Republican advantages in Congress now in jeopardy for 2018 because we don't know how the vote on the "skinny" repeal is ever going to turn out, and we'll be following it all night tonight.
Also, Republicans -- they had seven years, seven years to come up with a plan, seven years to find consensus and agreement, and that didn't happen. It's been one misstep after another. They literally let this all play out in public on TV and radio and in the papers instead of everybody getting in a room, as I suggested, locking the door, taking their phones, ordering pizza, having beer and Coke and Seven Up and water so that they could have the plan that works for the American people.
Aren't the Republicans -- and I'm a registered conservative. Aren't they supposed to be the party of big and bold ideas? Well, they're now today the party I say of zero identity. They seem too afraid, too timid, too spineless to go beyond the status quo. They played this way during the Obama years.
The GOP is supposed to be the party of repeal, replace. They're supposed to be the party of freedom and liberty and capitalism and less regulation and government interference in our lives and free market solutions. Right now, they have no vision, they have no identity, and there's no unity.
And they didn't even try to offer up big, out-of-the-box ideas. I've been talking about these ideas for over 15 years, how to fix our broken health care system.
Remember this doctor in Kansas? I've been interviewing him since 2012, Dr. Josh Umbehr, Atlas MD. I've interviewed him all these times. He runs a health care cooperative. It's $50 a month for adults, $10 a month for children. They have no co-pays, unlimited office visits, 24-hour doctor service available for you, free procedures, 95 percent reductions because they negotiate directly with the pharmaceutical companies, and you leave with your medicine as soon as you leave the doctor's office. And the same with lab tests.
Why not let other doctors -- and by the way, some 400 already are doing similar things. They didn't even bring these ideas up, just like health savings accounts.
Now, there's some good news today. The House did vote to fund the -- some of the president's border wall, but that still has to get through the Senate. And finally, Republican lawmakers, their inability to get things done -- here's the truth. It's harming you.
And at this point, it seems like the only person in the Republican Party who has a vision, is articulating that vision, is the president himself. And you see the reaction that he gets and the crowds that show up when he speaks.
And earlier this week on the Senate floor, after returning to Washington from his brain cancer diagnosis, Senator John McCain made these comments.
Incapacity? You're blaming us? That's our livelihood? Look, Senator McCain -- he's in our thoughts and prayers. We've had a love-hate relationship for many, many years. It wish him personally a speedy recovery.
But what he said I have to disagree with. Talk radio, TV hosts -- we are not, Senator, the ones to blame for your inaction and your failure in Washington. I have for years on radio and TV been offering up conservative solutions. 2013, late 2013, I offered the conservative solution caucus. I'm constantly encouraging Republicans to adopt big ideas, solutions that help the American people in poverty, on food stamps and out of the labor force that can't buy a house.
I've talked about the penny plan for fiscal responsibility, to balance our budget. I've talked about lowering taxes for all the years I've been on the air. I've talked about tax reform, repatriation of trillions of corporate American and multinational corporation dollars to build factories and manufacturing centers and build jobs in America.
I've talked at length about energy independence. I've worked with energy companies to get Americans hired. I've talked about securing the border. I've talked about charter schools. I've talked about sending education back to the states. I've talked about rebuilding our military, ending stifling regulations of government, identifying, defeating radical Islam.
Excuse me, Senator, I care about the country and I want solutions. I've talked about this for four hours a day for now 22 years on TV and radio. And when you were running, you wanted to be on my show as much as you possibly can. So I'm sorry, that is an unfair cheap shot.
And I'm sorry, Republicans, stop pointing the fingers. You sound like Hillary Clinton. Start producing the results you promised.
Now, also tonight, we want to talk about new White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci. Of course, the Fox News audience knows him well. And we also want to look at the deep state leaking.
Now, look, I know the rest of the mainstream media -- they're foaming at the mouth. They love what they view as infighting and leaking and conflict and everything that they think will stop the president and his agenda.
I will text it to you.
You know...
I got a note from a friend of mine and -- who spoke with a prominent Democrat who said, A skinny bill? A Democratic representative topon (ph) says it's a dream come true because it eliminates all the things in "Obama care" that Americans hated and leaves all the structure for the ACA intact. How -- it's inexplicable that we have a party in the Senate that basically has become the, Oh, let's put -- let's put, you know, paper, water on toilet paper, throw it up against the wall when they could be pushing health savings accounts and health care cooperatives and driving down premiums and increasing care and getting rid of the monstrosity and offering competition and choice.
Sorry, Kellyanne Conway, but that's -- as a conservative, those are the things that I believe deeply in, and that's what the president is talking about.
All right...
All right, Kellyanne, always good to see you. Thank for being with us. When we come back...
Oh, yes, Anthony and what's going on there. Is there anything else to talk about? I already talked about it. I said you were the best- looking person on the cover tomorrow!
All right, Kellyanne. Sara Carter, Jay Sekulow, Gregg Jarrett next.
All right, this is a "Fox News Alert." This just in to the Fox Newsroom, the Senate now expected to vote on the so-called skinny repeal of ObamaCare after midnight tonight. We're going to have updates for you throughout the evening.
Also tonight, we have two explosive breaking news reports. First, CircaNews's Sara Carter reporting that FBI lawmaker (sic) James A. Baker, a close confidant to fired FBI director James Comey, is now under investigation by the Justice Department. Why? For allegedly leaking classified national security information to the mainstream press, the establishment press.
Also, other major stories that we're following tonight -- well, this one comes from John Solomon of The Hill. According to his report, House Intel Committee chairman Devin Nunes is now accusing the Obama administration of illicitly unmasking hundreds of American names last year without any proper justification.
Joining us now with all of this, CircaNews's Sara Carter, chief counsel for the American Center for Law and Justice and a president -- and an attorney for President Trump Jay Sekulow, as well, FOX News anchor and attorney Gregg Jarrett.
All right, Sara, let's start with your breaking news tonight.
You know, this is the deep state that we have talked so much about, Jay Sekulow, and the selective leaks. Remember the report, 125 leaks in 126 days, all designed to hurt the president, stop him from enacting his agenda. Are we now -- is this beginning of getting to the bottom of this? Is this a sign that people like me have been looking for? Why aren't these people being investigated and potentially arrested and charged?
We...
I agree. This is how countries become literally -- you know, republics got destroyed. This is a police state, potentially. Now, Gregg, if, in fact, this turns out to be true, it's huge, but my argument is that unless they are investigated, unless we convene grand juries and unless people are charged, it's never going to stop.
(INAUDIBLE) get into the story -- the Obama administration illicitly unmasking hundreds of Americans during an election year!
We'll get to that. More with Sara, Jay and Gregg coming up, and much more tonight on "Hannity."
This is a Fox News alert. Welcome back again to "Hannity." The vote on the so-called Senate skinny Obamacare repeal bill is expected to take place after midnight tonight. We are following these developments on Capitol Hill very closely. We will keep brining you news as it becomes available.
Also tonight, for weeks right here on this program, we have been saying that we need to restore the rule of law, equal justice under the law, and get rid of the two-tiered justice system. Lawmakers need to start looking into the Democratic congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the I.T. staffer who was arrested earlier this week being charged with bank fraud.
Back with reaction, Sara Carter, Jay Sekulow, Gregg Jarrett. Before I get to that issue, Sara, let's go to John's story. The Obama administration illicitly unmasking hundreds of Americans' names, something you and him have now been discussing for a while. And I am also told that it is going to get so big and names are going to be named and they are top names that were with Obama. How accurate is that? How close are we to maybe hearing that?
Jay, this goes to the heart -- I know that people are focused in on the White House and, OK, they are searching for the leakers. But in large part, isn't it true that a lot of the trouble that this White House has had has come from former Obama officials? Intel gathered, unmasking of Americans in the political season and beyond into the administration, and also leaking raw intelligence, which is a violation of the Espionage Act. What do you make of this blockbuster report?
And Gregg Jarrett, if they don't get prosecuted, arrested, prosecuted, charged, and put in jail, it's never going to stop. What you make that part of the story?
There are other big names involved.
And names that the American people will recognize when this story comes out.
Jay, last question. I know the media is focused on the White House proceeding on leaks and Anthony Scaramucci and Bannon and Reince. What are your thoughts?
All right, thank you for being with us. We appreciate it.
When we come back, we will get into the White House and the press's obsession with stopping this president. That's next.
This is a FOX News alert. More leaks coming from the White House tonight. "The Washington Post" citing, shockingly, an anonymous White House official reporting that Anthony Scaramucci and his allies are planning to present to President Trump a diagram showing suspected leaks out of the White House. We will have details as they emerge tonight.
Joining us with reaction, Fox News contributor Mercedes Schlapp, Fox News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera. This is no secret that there have been individual camps, Geraldo, leaking in the White House. There's no secret, and little battles, wars which kind of defined other administrations, maybe this one a little more but when you really think about it, everybody there wants to drain the swamp and the sewer.
So you do?
I would not be surprised. Otherwise it's inexplicable where we are. That might be coming in, who know, the next 24 hours or whatever.
Mercedes, here's the problem. You have a president being attacked by the deep state, by Democrats, by the media, by weak Republicans as we're watching these idiots trying to do the skinny bill that they never ran on, and of course, never-Trumpers. And then if they are fighting with themselves and leaking to the media that hates the president, you can't function in that environment that way.
Maybe he should have said the words "Off the record," those are magic, although he told me he did. And by the way I never trust anything any reporter says, so I kind of believe Anthony on that, and I doubt he would have ever used the language that Geraldo uses and I use. We are from New York.
We are from New York. There's a little bit of an edge there that New Yorkers have.
But are you saying that Reince should have gotten control of these leaks? Are you saying that Anthony going in like the hard driving, hard-hitting person that he did, putting aside the language for a minute -- that that was the right stand to take?
Was that the right thing to do?
Geraldo?
Did you say that on purpose?
Did you read the fake news that I spent a fortune on lobster?
That's not true! That's not true! It's fake news.
I never did it.
When we come back we'll continue.
This is a Fox News Alert. The Senate is now on a timetable for voting on the so-called skinny repeal of Obamacare. President Trump is tweeting "Go, Republican senators, go, get there. After waiting seven years give America great health care."
Joining us now from the Hill is Mike Emanuel. Mike?
Then they'll get to conference and work with the House, and from there I imagine it will change a lot, and they it will go back to both houses again. So this is hardly over even if they get that done tonight. Mike Emanuel, thank you, appreciate it.
Also tonight, new leaks coming from the White House. Back with us for reaction, Geraldo Rivera, and now the host of "War Stories," Lieutenant Colonel Oliver North. Colonel, you understand. You've been there, how dangerous leaking is to the White House. And Anthony Scaramucci went in, and he is saying we'll put an end to it. In the interim he took on two of the president's, two people that have been with the president since day one. What are your thoughts?
When does this all end? This got pretty personal. This was hard driving. Where does it end?
By the way, and also the movement on getting those unmasking, those leaking in the intelligence community, we now see the big progress on the FBI, the general counsel is under investigation. That means unbeknownst that the American people, obviously work is being done.
What are your thoughts, Oliver?
But that hasn't happened in six months, Ollie.
Let me go back to one thing.
I keep talking about five forces, the deep state. I talk about the Democrats obviously, weak Republicans, the media, never-Trumpers, they are all trying to destroy this president. You see the Republicans, how pathetic is what's unfolding tonight?
Is it because he wants to drain this place. Is it because he wants the sewer drained? Is that why there's so much --
He's got to get the agenda done.
All right, we'll come back. More "Hannity" after the break.
My apologies to Diamond and Silk. We will have them back tomorrow for the last word. Just a busy breaking news night. That is all the time we have left this evening. Stay with the Fox News Channel for our continuing coverage of the Senate ObamaCare showdown. They're taking toilet paper, wetting it down, throwing it up against the wall. Who knows what's going to stick? Bret Baier will tell us because he's up next with a special live edition of "Special Report" from our nation's capital. Thank you for being with us. Wow. We will see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 55  ***************************************************
 Congressman Steve King -- he tweeted the following. ‘Donald Trump needs to purge leftists from the executive branch before disloyal, illegal and treasonous acts sink us.’
It's important that the president begin to hear this and act now.
For months, deep state antagonists -- they've been working overtime to try and delegitimize Donald Trump's presidency. And we have seen how low they'll go by insinuating without any evidence that there's some sort of campaign collusion with Russia. There's no evidence! It's not true!
Just days ago, WikiLeaks published some very disturbing information about the CIA. According to Julian Assange, CIA operatives are able to access televisions of American citizens, smartphones, other devices, and actually recorded sound, images and even encrypted messages on your iPhone or your Android.
That's not all. WikiLeaks is also alleging that the CIA has the ability to utilize very sophisticated malware that can make it appear that cyber activity is being conducted by other nations, when, in fact, they -- meaning those within our government -- may be responsible. WikiLeaks in their press release specifically points out that they could be doing this in the case of this Russian narrative with no evidence.
By the way, did President Obama know about any of these sophisticated spy programs developed and used by the CIA? We can't confirm that any of this is actually being practiced, but we need to start asking serious questions if we want privacy in this country.
Back in January, you may remember I traveled to London. I interviewed Julian Assange. He told me his source repeatedly was not the Russians. You may remember this.
I've asked you before. I'll ask you again today. Did Russia give you this information or anybody associated with Russia?
That's not all. Former British ambassador Craig Murray -- he told The Daily Mail that the 2016 Clinton campaign e-mail hack -- it actually come from within the Democratic Party and that the hacked information was given to him in a public park at a university right here on American property. Can you believe that? All on behalf of the Democratic Party, their own whistleblower.
My message tonight is simple. Every holdover from the Obama administration -- they need to go! And a thorough investigation of leakers needs to be conducted. And people have committed felonies, violated the Espionage Act, like in the case of Lieutenant General Michael Flynn -- they need to be prosecuted! And all of those who aren't actively working to fix the country need to be shown the door. It's hurting a lot of people.
Joining us now, editor-in-chief of Lifezette, Fox News contributor, nationally syndicated radio host Laura Ingraham is with us, and the author of "The Big Agenda," David Horowitz is back with us.
Laura, I'm looking at all this here. We've got all of these leaks happening, which all of a sudden, they just started happening when Donald Trump became president. So we politicize -- some in the intelligence community are politicized, not all, there are a lot of good people there, but some. And look at what Lincoln did. Look at what Clinton did. Is it time for the same type of actions by President Trump?
Yes, and they left a day apart.
Right.
As shocking as the WikiLeaks reveals were, David Horowitz, one of the things that really stood out in my mind is not only the fact that they could spy on TV that we think is off, that there's no -- there's not the privacy we think we're getting or the encryption our iPhones or Androids that we think we're getting, but the fact that the CIA can use stolen malware and attribute cyber-attacks to other nations.
And I want to know what Obama knew about what the CIA was doing and whether or not maybe, as we're told by John Solomon and his partner, Sara Carter, yesterday, there is no evidence, even though there was a FISA warrant, of any Russian collusion.
Could that be an internal intelligence leak or an intelligence -- intelligence work that we need to be suspicious of?
Yes, don't hold your breath.
Let me go to -- let me go to the John Solomon, Sara Carter piece, and let me tie it to WikiLeaks, Laura, if I can because they said, in fact, that FISA warrant in October, in the middle of a presidential election where you have a sitting president, there was surveillance going on. What he knew, what he didn't know, I don't know. But that would have had to have been approved by the attorney general at the time, Loretta Lynch.
When you put their revelation that nothing about the Russia collusion is true, nothing, that there was nothing found, but the fact that the server in the Trump organization was tapped by the government and another wiretap took place, that's kind of scary that -- and who knew what, when and where needs to be asked, not that Obama didn't order it, what did he know?
Yes. What's your thoughts on this? Last word, David.
People also need to be prosecuted. Felonies were committed, numerous felonies.
And we got to get to the bottom of it. All right, congrats on the book. Laura, always good to see you. Thank you both.
And coming up tonight -- you don't want to miss this next report, an explosive report, weeks before the election, two reporters, investigators have confirmed the FBI was, in fact, granted a warrant to investigate the server inside of Trump Tower, where his campaign was being run. Those journalists who broke that story join us next.
And then later tonight...
Speaker of the House Paul Ryan says it's now or never for Republicans to replace ObamaCare. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy -- he'll join us to tell us how do we possibly bridge the gap between the Freedom Caucus, some conservative senators and the bill that they currently have out there.
That's straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So according to an explosive report from Circa News, just weeks before the election, the FBI received a warrant to investigate a server connected to then candidate Donald Trump's businesses, but they found no wrongdoing, no connection to Russia. And around the same time, a FISA warrant was also granted to investigate potential Russian influence in the election.
The new information is raising very serious questions that President Obama and his former administration need to start answering to ensure that the American people -- that there was nothing going on by an opposition party in the middle of a presidential campaign.
Here now are the journalists that broke this story, from Circa News, Sara Carter and John Solomon. Sara, I'm going to start with you because John wouldn't show up yesterday.
But this is really important. So there were two warrants granted. One was the FISA warrant. Explain that and the other warrant and explain that they found no evidence of any Russian collusion at all, and that's what your report says.
Wasn't one FISA and one not?
OK.
Well, let me go -- I mean, granted, the president put out a statement that he didn't order and nobody in the White House ordered it. That's irrelevant to me. The question is, did he know about it? And three weeks, a couple of weeks before a presidential election, you have a sitting president looking at the opposition party's server? No, I know from my own dealings with people in the campaign at the time, they had Trump e-mail addresses, Trump Organization e-mail addresses!
Right. Exactly. So what can you add to this in terms of -- you know, is there any political opposition involvement, like the first name that would come to mind is Sid Vicious Blumenthal.
Could he be involved in this?
Hillary, too, tweeting.
Let me ask you about the executive order, 12333, two weeks before he goes. Now 16 other agencies can see all of this.
Does that look like a trap that was being set by the former president for the new president to you?
You're saying your investigation and all of your sources said the FBI, FISA warrant found no collusion at all. That means the media's been wrong for all these months about this Russian connection narrative!
Just the opposite.
Yes because there was nothing, and they found nothing that would be criminal. All right...
Let me just ask this question of Sara. I should ask you most of the questions, Sara, because John didn't show up last night.
But all these WikiLeaks...
... revelations about all of the different techniques that the CIA was using to spy -- now, I guess the NSA -- I always thought that was their charter. Is the CIA now our big spy agency, and for example, stolen malware that they say you can attribute cyber-attacks to say, oh, a country like Russia -- in other words, they'll put Russia's fingerprints on it, but it could be happening within our own government?
Immediately! Immediately!
Guys, you've been doing great work. I would urge you to continue to stay on this because you have a lot of lazy counterparts out there that are way overpaid, and you are running circles around them. Great job. Thank you both.
And coming up next tonight right here on "Hannity"...
Speaker of the House Paul Ryan saying Republicans need to come together to pass the GOP "Obama care" replacement. Will they be able to do it? Are they going to get the Freedom Caucus and some of these senators on board? House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy will join us next to explain.
And later tonight...
President Trump continues to move fast to keep his promises. According to the DHS, illegal border crossings -- they're down 40 percent during his first full month in office, Lou Dobbs weighs in on that and more straight ahead.
All right, that was the speaker of the House, Paul Ryan, earlier today stressing how important it is for Republicans to come together, repeal and replace Obamacare.
I'm good. Let me get to the first question, which is a process question, because even before the bill actually came out, you had to members of the Freedom Caucus, a lot of them, the study group, Senators Paul, Cruz, Lee, and Marco Rubio. And afterwards you had the Club for Growth, Americans for Prosperity, Freedom Works, Heritage Action, all against it.
And I guess what surprised me about it is why didn't you get this consensus built to work on the bill that everyone agreed on before you released it, and now you're doing it all in the public eye and it seems confusing, and people are asking why didn't you guys work this out before?
So there's three phases to this. But the critics -- my tie is crooked -- and the critics, they're all saying the same thing, this doesn't fully repeal it. In other words what they're asking and have been asking to do is go back to the 2015 bill which was a full repeal. At the same time you follow-up immediately with a replacement bill. Why can't that be done?
Listen, this has to work. There's no option here. This is the first legislative agenda item that the president is now passing here. So at some point in the Freedom Caucus, those senators I mentioned, those groups, you're going to need them. Is it a communication problem that they don't the three step process, or is their criticisms valid that it's not a complete repeal, that there still some taxes from ObamaCare that exist, and not everything is free-market, that there is even a new entitlement, which is the main argument I hear they're making every hour of every day now on television.
And it's not under another name?
Why are the Freedom Caucus guys saying that? Why is Senator Rand Paul saying that?
You're right on reconciliation. I totally understand there's a legislative complication. Good point, better to have 51 votes only needed than 60. So explain the three step process, and without the Freedom Caucus and those senators this bill doesn't get passed. What are you going to do in terms of getting everybody together and making this work? And I'd be open to coming down and doing a full on town hall with all sides. Would you participate?
Here's my question, if you'll come, I'll come down next week. And we can tape an hour for TV. And I'll bring you, I'll invite the senators I mentioned, and I'll invite another couple Freedom Caucus guys, and maybe we can hash it out there, and maybe we'll bring in Reince Priebus and see whatever differences exist, if it can't get worked out. Would you be willing to do that?
That's not a new entitlement?
Just asking.
All right, we're going to -- basically, listen, I'm taking a lot of incoming from people. A lot of people are angry and frustrated, and the votes aren't there. And this has to succeed. But more importantly than succeed, it has to be done right, because as soon as it's replaced, you own it. And it's got to be something that lowers costs, offers more care, more free-market competition, health care savings, cooperatives, which all need to be a part of it. I think those are the points we all agree on.
Congressman, I'll look forward to seeing you next week. We'll work it out as soon as possible.
Appreciate it. Up next right here tonight on the HANNITY.
President Trump keeping his promise. According to the department of homeland security illegal border crossings have dropped by 40 percent during the president's first full month in office. Lou Dobbs join us with reaction. And also later tonight.
CNN's Mr. White-lash himself, the alt-left propaganda destroy Trump media completely losing it. We're going to play their latest attacks against the president, get reaction from Mercedes Schlapp and Joe Concha. That's straight ahead.
That was the president during his address to a joint session of Congress last month. He was vowing again to secure America's borders. Now the president is keeping that promise. Yesterday Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, General Kelly released a new report which revealed border crossings have dropped by 40 percent during Trump's first full month in office. The report notes that this decline is significant because, quote, "border patrol historically sees a 10 to 20 increase in apprehensions of illegal immigrants from January to February." Instead this year we saw a drop of 31,578 to 18,762 persons, and that is a 40 percent decline.
Here with reaction, he's been on this border issue even longer than me, Fox Business anchor -- you're like the number one show on your network, our sister network, Fox Business. Congratulations.
You and I agree on this for many, many years. You got in trouble once and I called you and said keep it up, keep getting in trouble.
Yes. I don't remember what it was about.
You’re racist, xenophobic, Islamophobic, whatever phobic.
I actually haven't been down to the border as often as I did. I reported a lot from down there. I remember being in San Diego.
On the other side, what we would describe both of those as a dump, kids playing in it. You can see across this part of the fence. And if I was on that side, I'd say, I want to go over there. I don't blame people for wanting opportunity. I think America, though, needs to say, OK, you want to come here? Number one, you can't take American jobs. Number two, you have to be able to sustain yourself. Number three, when we have room, we'll take as many as possible as long as you want to abide by our laws and sovereignty.
Good to see you, Lou.
And up next tonight right here on HANNITY.
Really? Mr. White-lash over at CNN? The alt-left propaganda to destroy Donald Trump media, they continue to smear, slander, besmirch the commander-in-chief. We'll show you the latest examples. We'll get reaction from Mercedes Schlapp, Joe concha. That's next.
And welcome back to HANNITY. So the alt-left propaganda, destroy Trump media continues to stoop to new lows. Here's Mr. Thrill-up-his-leg, MSNBC's Chris Matthews.
And then we have Mr. White-lash himself, Van Jones. Now, following the president's joint address to Congress last week, Van Jones, he got away from his usual talking points and actually praised Trump by calling a presidential. Last night Van Jones started his program by acknowledging that some people are not happy with his positive remarks about the president.
Here with reaction, Fox News contributor Mercedes Schlapp and from "The Hill" Joe Concha is with us, media reporter. I don't even know what -- how does somebody say white-lash, then presidential, then villain of all time. What is going on at these networks in your opinion?
Ding, ding, ding.
Do you have any doubts that CNN and NBC and most of these networks, The New York Times, have made a decision they're going all in, and if it means telling lies about Russia, you heard of John Solomon earlier tonight on this program, Sara Carter earlier in this program. They're reporting says they investigated that there was a FISA warrant and another warrant. No evidence whatsoever to back up -- all the lies we've been hearing on TV for months.
That's a great example. Mercedes?
All right, yes or no, and we got a break. Is journalism dead, am I right?
Absolutely.
Thank you both. Coming up, we need your help, a very important "Question of the Day," and apparently a very mean message on the HANNITY hotline for me, I've been told. That's next.
Welcome back to HANNITY. Time for our "Question of the Day." Should President Trump follow my suggestion, clean house and fire every Obama deep state holdover? Yes, but we want your opinion, Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter.
All right, hit me with your best shot. Some people are mean, they make fun of my hair, my tie, and say I'm fat. I don't care. HANNITY hotline, you can say anything. Here's tonight's reaction.
New rule. No heavy drinking before calling the HANNITY Hotline. And by the way, I just lost 13 pounds. What are you talking about? I'm in the best shape of my life. I do martial arts four days a week. Anyway, have something you want to say, nice or mean, we don't care. Call the number on your screen, 877-225-8587.
That's all the time that we have left this evening. Hope you'll set your DVR. Don't miss an episode. We need you. See you back here, the battle continues tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 56  ***************************************************
 Hundred percent.
All facts, all true. Reverend White, I want to ask you, the fact is, the reality is disproportionally when you talk about the 13 extra million Americans on food stamps. An eight million more Americans in poverty. Those of the eight years of Obama. And we doubled the national death. Disproportionately, black Americans, Hispanic Americans, they were impacted. Those policies didn't work. Kennedy's policy's worked. Reagan's policy's worked. And Trump is proposing the same thing.
You're welcome.
I never got an invitation. But if you're inviting me, I'll come.
I will come.
I will come, yes, sir.
Reverend, I don't mean to interrupt you. But Reverend, Reverend, we have kids dying in Chicago. We have millions of Americans in poverty, on food stamps, they can't get a job. You know, with all due respect, how somebody talks is not impacting people's lives every day. And if I ask you what is the real reason the players are doing this, I bet you can't give me a coherent answer.
Metaphorically?
Did anybody die? And I'll throw this to Burgess Owens. By the way, does Burgess allowed to come with us to the town hall? I would like to invite him with us. I think it's fair.
People died fighting under that flag, sir. All right. Burgess, I want to give you the --
Reverend, you're worried about decorum and kids are dying. How many kids were shot and dying in Chicago, Obama's hometown? I think he mentioned it three times in his presidency.
I've got to run. I'm out of time. But Reverend, I hope will come to your church. Burgess, I would love to go with you if you like to come too.
I think it would be a productive meeting. And I look forward to it. Let me know when you want me --
Yes, you can come, sure.
And coming up, my exclusive interview with the king of conservatism in America, Rush Limbaugh, straight ahead.
And welcome back to Hannity. Tonight reporting from Florida. Radio legend Rush Limbaugh sat down with me earlier today for an exclusive one-on-one interview from his studio in Florida and we started talking about the Republican Party. Take a look.
You don't do a lot of TV interviews, you're not?
You mean the camera people and you?
Thank you. Happy to be here. We appreciate it. I want to start with tax cuts. All the years you've talked about it. Kennedy, Reagan, how it works. What do you think of the tax plan?
He is going to have a corporate tax. Trump wanted 15. It's going to be 20. Reconciliation kicks in so they say. But what's interesting is, all right, the corporate taxes reduced, their repatriation is good. You're right. New York, California, New Jersey, Illinois, they don't get to deduct -- I'm in New York. It's 10 percent.
California is 13.5 percent.
So, lower rate, they might have 39 to 35. But they'll pay more.
I was excoriated for saying, I worked at restaurants since I was 12.
I worked in construction for years. I was demonized for saying, I never got a job from a poor person, ever.
Let's talk about the Republican Party. We saw what happened with healthcare. Let's get your general impressions on healthcare. And I'm convinced there's a pretty significant percentage of Republicans in the Senate, they do not want this president to succeed.
You actually said that if they were smart, and all they would do is keep their promises, they would govern for generations.
Uh-hm. I think you're right. I'm looking at the Republican Party. I think Trump has a strong identity. Ran on a platform, sticks to it. Every speech sounds just like his campaign speech. Where's the brilliant ideas? How many years on radio -- you talked about health savings accounts. We don't hear about that, how many times do we hear about the wall. I don't see them embracing strong ideas and going and selling them. Which I think they would win on the conservative --
Welcome back to Hannity. As we report from Florida tonight. Rush Limbaugh has been one of the strongest voices against the NFL players protesting our flag, our national anthem. He is one of the NFL's biggest fan, here is what he had to say earlier tonight.
Let me go to the NFL. I want to read what you said because I've listened to you all the years you've been on radio, and you're probably the biggest NFL fan I've ever known. You love the Pittsburgh Steelers.
You saw what happened in the Pittsburgh game. And you actually said that -- you pointed this out. It's bigger than life to you, the NFL. And for the first time in 45 years, you weren't excited and that the myth that you've always had about these players and the NFL is gone.
Totally gone. You can't recover it?
100 percent.
You said if owners are clueless, this is about race. I think the most profound thing you said is they're now being used by the left in this country that wants to take away institutions and that the NFL is to the left.
Don't get in trouble, go ahead.
This isn't the going to end well, is it?
(inaudible).
You hear that? Hours.
Tell me what you care about. I'll have a big debate. I'll do hour-long debates.
What?
Never happen.
Nobody talks about it.
I watched college football.
They never show the fans booing.
Yes all over.
All right, we're just getting started. We will have part two of our interview with Rush exclusive tomorrow. But when we come back, Newt Gingrich with weigh in on congress, the NFL, and much more, straight ahead.
And welcome back to Hannity. Joining us now, the author of the number-one New York Times best seller "Understanding Trump," and he has a new online course that tells us about Fox News Contributor, Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich. By the way his online course is entitled "Defending America." It is up on my website hannity.com Mr. Speaker good to see you. You know I think back, and I was with Rush today. And he played a very integral part in 1994 when you brought the Republicans to congress for the first time in 40 years, the contract with America. When I was thinking as I was interviewing him today, you kept your promises and you made a difference. You balanced the budget, welfare reform. You had major transformative things happen. Rush is saying three months, if they just get their backbones stronger.
Listen, there's no doubt he understands the left and conservatism has a great take on it. But I want us to focus a little bit more on -- he sort of laid out a challenge, I felt, to the Republicans. For three months, just stick to your agenda. Suck it up. Let's get these things done. You guys made these promises. They can literally govern for generations. And I agree with him.
You know I remember every interview. And I was in Atlanta at the time. And every interview you did leading up to the election in '94. You would go into your pocket and pull out the contract of America. The only really big criticism I have, and it's kind of laughable in a way, because the blue states deserve the government they voted for and put in power, New York, New Jersey, Illinois, California, you elect your politicians and your 10, 12, 13 percent state income tax, it's not going to be deductible. And by the way, I'm going to get punished, but that is fine. In a lot of ways, it's interesting, because you can analyze it two way. The rest of the country's been subsidizing them. Because their states punish them and Paul Ryan made this point last night. Your thoughts.
Yes.
All I need is six months and a day and I'm a resident of Florida. Those are the rules. With all that said, this is where my job is. I'm in Florida today. But it works just as good in Florida. Satellite is great technology. All right. So here is the next important question. What are the Republicans need to do? I think a couple of things, I think energy is a big job, I like this plan that the President proposed. He is sticking to his campaign promise promises. They better have amnesty. They might go back to healthcare in January or February. They really need to. Not the Schumer-Patty plan. Your thoughts?
All right. Mr. Speaker we are going to watch and hold them accountable. When we come back, a question I don't think Rush was ready for. We'll give you a preview. You want to see this next.
Welcome back to Hannity. Tomorrow we have part two of my exclusive interview with Rush Limbaugh, including his answer to this question.
My last question, you're going to hate this question. And so, I'm giving you the heads up. You're not going to like this question. Your TV show is a big hit. When you come on TV, people want to hear from you. You have the highest rated nationally syndicated radio show in the country. Huge audiences, people who listen all sorts of ways. I think people would like to see you on TV.
Rush, the question I posed him. Tune in tomorrow night, part two. We'll have a lot more of that interview straight ahead 9:00 Eastern on our new time. We'll also ask Rush about deep-state leaks ObamCare, and so much more. As always thank you for being with us. The show will always be fair and balanced. Dana Perino is next. I will see you tomorrow.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 57  ***************************************************
 Hey Rob, let me ask her a question.
Yes, Rob, I want to -- she voted for Hillary. Name three specific accomplishments of Hillary in her career that helped the American people.
Her healthcare plan never passed.
I hope she won.
Rob, the next time somebody says Hillary's health care plan helped them, you might want to remind them that she never passed her health care plan. Anyway, Rob, thank you. Appreciate it, good job.
Tonight, the voice of you. We owe a debt of gratitude to you, the American people. It's now finally been heard. It's very loud, it's very clear. And at this very moment, because of all of you speaking so loudly, Washington, D.C., the establishment is terrified, and they should be. These people do not get what happened. I'm going to try to explain it to them.
Now the politicians, the pollsters, the elite media, the global elitists, they're all in shock from president-elect Donald Trump's historic victory yesterday. They said this would never happen. He didn't stand a chance in the Electoral College, that voters in swing states wouldn't vote for Donald Trump. And guess what? They were all, all of them wrong, making this one of the greatest upsets in American political history. So the question is, let's help them understand how we got here.
And, so what did everybody miss? Peace, prosperity, right? They drive elections. And according to our Fox News poll that was released on Monday, 58 percent of you, the American people, said that they are not satisfied with the direction of the country. And that number has been near or at that level, or higher, since 2009, since Obama became president.
On top of that, we saw exit polls from last night. It showed that a combined 72 percent of voters, that's you, are dissatisfied or angry with the federal government and how it's not working. Now Donald Trump won 77 percent of those voters who said they are angry. You also have to look at the 40 percent of voters who said they wanted a candidate who could bring about change. 83 percent of those particular voters, they voted for Donald Trump. Now to me it's pretty obvious why voters felt that way. Because the last eight years have not been good under President Obama.
Look at these numbers, pay very close attention. These are real people. Real Americans. Real suffering. Needless suffering. The lowest labor participation rate since the 70s. Almost 95 million of our fellow Americans are suffering and out of the labor force. The worst recovery since the 1940s. The lowest homeownership rate in 51 years. We now have 43 million of our fellow citizens on food stamps. 12 million more since Obama took office. Over 43 of our fellow citizens, 43 million Americans, they live in poverty. That's up over 8 million since Obama became president.
Right now, we have one in five American families, they don't have a single member of their family in the labor force, in the work force, and right now, now one in six men between ages of 18 and 34, prime working years, are either in jail, incarcerated, or living in mommy and daddy's basement out of work. And by the time President Obama leaves office, he will have accumulated more debt for this country than all 43 presidents before him combined.
Now, everything that I just showed you, it isn't just the numbers. It's not government data. It's, you know, for bureaucrats to say, oh, 43 million, OK, we'll look at that. These are our friends, our neighbors, our coworkers in some cases. Real people, real Americans, real lives, left behind. They are the forgotten people that Donald Trump has been talking about. He talked about the forgotten man, the forgotten American.
Now President Obama deserves a lot of the blame for this suffering, but so do the Republicans in Washington. They did nothing to stop Obama's agenda even though they promised over and over again that they would. Republicans at times, they were timid, they were afraid, they were spineless, they didn't want to take a stand. Republicans sat on their hands while President Obama exploded and doubled the national debt.
Now, they have the enumerated power of the purse, but they refused to use it because they thought there would be political fallout and they may lose their jobs. Then you have the promise of Obamacare. Repeal, replace, Obamacare. All right, well that's one of the biggest lies ever told by government in American history. Remember, you like your doctor, you keep your doctor. You like your plan, you keep your plan. And on average, the American family is going to save $2,100 per year with Obamacare. A complete government failure, epic fail lie.
The complete opposite happened. Millions of you lost your doctors. Millions lost your plans. Obamacare premiums have been surging by double digits. Even this year alone, many Americans have seen what, $5,200 increase in healthcare costs. On average since Obamacare went in place, $4,100 increase per family. You didn't save any money, and some states are now seeing 100 percent increase starting in 2017.
Now look for example in foreign policy. You got the Iranian nuclear deal. Americans, they're not stupid. Giving the number one state sponsor of terror $150 billion, the ability to spin their own centrifuges, that's a really bad idea. And you don't pull out of Iraq for pure political purposes, ignoring the American lives, the blood, sweat, the treasure, the tears -- you know, these guys fought, bled, and died for cities like Fallujah and Ramadi and Tikrit and Baghdad and Mosul. They won those cities. And then because it wasn't politically expedient, they pulled these guys out after they had these hard fought victories.
And look at Syria. Everyone feels bad for the refugees, victims of a civil war. But if you come from a country or an area of the world that has values that conflict with our constitutional Republic, then it might pose a danger to America if we let them come here. Look at Saudi Arabia. Women can't drive. Women need permission to work or to travel. Marital rape in some of these countries is not recognized. And marital beating is not recognized. Gays and lesbians can be killed and thrown off the tops of buildings. And of course you can't build a church or a temple in a country like Saudi Arabia.
And there's Benghazi. Remember "Killary's" failure? 600 separate requests for additional security before the attack. All of them ignored. Four Americans died. It makes a big difference.
Now we failed the American soldiers, and I'm telling you that happened all from Washington. Let's look at African-Americans in America today and how many African-Americans are under Obama, what is the increase on food stamps? 58 percent. African-Americans out of the labor force, up almost 20 percent. In Chicago, President Obama's hometown, over 3,800 people have been shot this year alone. And since Obama has been president, 3,656 people have been murdered in Chicago. And according to the Chicago tribune, historical statistics now show 75 percent of the victims are African-American. Has the Democratic Party helped these families out?
And on top of that, we've got a failed educational system, especially in inner city America. High school graduation rate are nine percent lower for African-American students than the national average according to the recent statistics. The high school dropout rate for African-American students is also higher than the national average. The results should be much, much better that the U.S. is now ranked fourth in the world on per pupil spending, and it works out to be a $11,600 per student. Despite the high spending, America ranks 17th in reading, 19th in science, and a whopping 26th in math. $11,600 a student? Donald Trump's going to send that money back it states, towns, municipalities, and then parents and local politicians can make those decisions.
Also, you want to know what this decision about? Look at America's open borders. They're a mess, and they're not secure. And Americans knew that if Donald Trump actually builds that wall, that it's less likely that people will cross into the country. It will also mean that Americans won't be competing with illegal immigrants for the few jobs that are available, driving down wages.
And lastly, Americans know that we can become energy independent. And that means we don't have to deal with countries that hate our guts. We have more natural resources here in America that will literally, the life blood of our economy, that will fuel this country for generations to come, create millions of high-paying jobs and careers.
Now by the end of this week, I will outline the agenda that I believe that the forgotten people need so that the rungs of the ladder will be put back in so they can climb to success themselves. Those Americans that all these D.C. politicians, Republicans, Democrats, have ignored for way too long. Get people back to work. They can climb out of the pit that big government has put them in.
And this is a Fox News Alert. Angry anti-Trump protesters and protests breaking out in major cities now all across the country after Donald Trump's major electoral victory. We're going to follow those closely tonight.
Joining us now with reaction, the Editor In Chief of LifeZette, Fox News contributor, and a nationally syndicated radio host. I had the honor of being on her show this morning. Laura Ingraham, you were one of the few -- Monica Crowley, Herman Cain, Newt Gingrich is coming up. We saw the possibility, and so many of our colleagues, let's put it that way, were hoping upon hope that they would be trashing us today. Why do you see this --
You what?
Those people are suffering needlessly and they've been suffering for a long time. When you think of how bad things got in the last eight years, nobody seemed to want to talk about that, you're right. Donald Trump went up against the Republican establishment, the Democratic establishment, the media establishment, the globalist establishment.
You know, Bret Baier, they asked me to call in last night so I called in and he asked me, how is Donald Trump going to deal with House Republicans and Democrats? And I said, I don't think that's the question. I think it's, how are they going to deal with him? Because he will set the agenda. He has the mandate. Not those people that in part created the opening for him, I would argue.
I think one of the more underreported platforms of Trump was his new new deal with black America and African-Americans. And that is that we're going to make your communities safer, we're going to fix your schools, and we are going to create economic zones where people can obviously benefit. If he's successful in enticing multinational corporations by giving us one of the lowest tax rates in the industrialized world and he allows the repatriation of trillions that companies won't bring in because of the high tax rate, what if he incentivized them even further to go into those communities that have been hit hardest with the highest unemployment numbers and where kids can't get summer jobs -- wouldn't that be helpful and show Republicans do care about Americans working, regardless of race, creed, color, background?
I think with the lower tax rates, Reagan did it, John F. Kennedy did it, add to that a push towards energy independence, the Keystone Pipeline, fracking, natural gas, drilling oil --
Yes. Free and fair.
I think there's a lot of potential, and a lot of work to do. There's no doubt about it. A lot of Republicans will have to get on board or get out of the way.
Laura, good to see you. Thank you.
Coming up, we'll continue to monitor all these anti-Trump protests across the country. And up next, tonight.
Donald Trump after being elected the 45th president of the United States last night calling for unity. We'll check in next with former speaker of the house, Newt Gingrich. And up later, Monica Crowley, Herman Cain. They're here. That and more, straight ahead.
And that was president-elect Donald Trump last night after it was announced he will be the 45th president of the United States. Joining us now, bestselling author of the new book "Treason," former speaker of House, Fox News contributor, big smile on his face, Newt Gingrich.
There was a part of me today that really wanted to name names of those Republicans, those --
All right. You're going to show yourself the bigger man. But I resisted the temptation to name names, all those people that sabotaged him, were not helpful, did everything to hurt him, and, frankly, if they were successful, would be beating people like you and me over the head with baseball bat and saying, oh, see they were all wrong the whole time. But I didn't do it. Aren't you proud of me?
All right, go ahead.
Do you believe the old order Republican Party, I believe it's dead, and there's a new Republican party, and hopefully one that's revitalized with bold color differences as president Reagan talked about. Do you worry about those old guard Republican establishment people eventually, as quickly as they can, turning on Trump and stopping progress that he laid out and I think got a mandate for last night?
I want to get to that, and let's get to the order of what you think the agenda ought to be and how he gets there. We'll have more with Speaker Gingrich right after this break. Also tonight, Monica Crowley, Herman Cain, they react to Donald Trump being elected the 45th president of the United States. Plus we continue to monitor all those anti-Trump winey protests going on around the country tonight, straight ahead.
All right, we have anti-Trump protesters continuing to gather in the streets of several cities tonight across the country. Still with us, former speaker of the House and Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich is with us.
Should the old order, the people -- if you remember back in the primaries, 65 percent of Republican voters said they felt betrayed by their own party. Does that old order, many of whom were reelected last night, do they deserve to hit the reset button and work with Trump? Or do you think that maybe there needs to be restructuring?
That would probably be a good thing --
It's they're going to open up energy independence and energy back to the states, build a border wall, lower taxes, get the budget under control. Those are all good things. If you were to advise Donald Trump, where does he go from here? How do you build this government? What's first on the agenda? Walk us through.
Newt Gingrich --
Not a surprise.
I want to thank you, Mr. Speaker. You've been extraordinarily generous with your time and your insight. You put yourself on a limb. And I know you worked behind the scenes helping president-elect Trump, and I have a funny feeling you might be around him a lot, just a guess on my part. I don't know. Good to see you, sir.
And coming up, Monica Crowley, Herman Cain, they'll weigh in. They’ll also respond to the anti-Trump protest going on around the country and much more.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So tomorrow morning, president- elect tonight with meet with President Obama at his new home, well, coming in January, the White House, as they begin the transition of power. Joining us now, Fox News contributors Herman Cain, Monica Crowley. Both were big Donald Trump supporters, and good for both of you. And we took a little heat, didn't we?
Monica Crowley, I don't know what she's smoking, but I said I like her.
And Herman, and then, Monica, and then they posted it on Facebook and Instagram and Twitter. He got more bang for his buck.
He is probably -- he probably spent less money than any presidential candidate.
You're right.
Is the old order GOP dead, Herman Cain?
All right, guys, good to see you. How much sleep did you get? I got an hour.
One. Herman?
We'll be right back. We need your help, straight ahead.
Time for our "Question of the Day." So what did you think of last night's election results? Just to go Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
If I didn't make sense tonight it's because I only had an hour sleep, not even a full hour. Anyway, thanks for being with us. We'll be back. Get some sleep. We'll be a little fresher tomorrow. Thanks for being with us. And thanks for all of you that went and voted and saved your country.
Content and Programming Copyright 2016 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 58  ***************************************************
 All right. Brand new tonight, Politico out with explosive report about potential deep state spying on a former top Trump advisor.
Here's their headline: FBI surveillance of Carter Page might have picked up Bannon. Now, according to the reporting, Carter Page was being surveilled by the FBI last January during the presidential transition when Page had a phone call about Russia with former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon.
Now, according to Politico, Page made the shocking revelation during congressional testimony and Page said at the time that Bannon called him about canceling a planned television appearance and then Page eventually brought up the phony dossier which BuzzFeed had published just a day earlier on January 10th. Now, it's not certain if the conversation with Bannon was picked up by the FBI, but national security experts, they're telling Politico that it's very possible that it did happen.
Now, investigative reporter Sharyl Attkisson who says the Obama administration you may remember, remember she said they hacked her computers, made this very profound point on the show earlier this week. Let's take a look at this.
Wow, this is beyond shocking and raising very serious questions given the other information that we already know. Now, according to two Republican memos, the FBI lied to the FISA court. Remember? They used a Clinton bought and paid for Russian dossier they never verified or corroborated it in order to get a warrant to spy on Carter Page. Now, remember, that Grassley-Graham memo, that detailed how Comey never bothered to verify all this anti-Trump information in the dossier that Christopher Steele had put together because he thought, well, the former British spy was credible in the past.
Now, that same memo also uncovers how the bulk of the FISA application the FBI presented to the FISA judge consisted of the dossier that they never verified. This is unbelievable. And we also know that Comey told then President-elect Trump that the dossier was salacious and unverified during the transition. That was, what, two months before. And the dossier was good enough to get a FISA warrant? But it was unverified and salacious?
This entire scandal now reeks of corruption beyond anything which we have seen before. In other words, what is he admitting here, what we are seeing here is the powerful tools that we give our intelligence community to protect us with abuse to spy on an opposition campaign during an election and before an election, and after an election. Now, also tonight, Fox News has obtained House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes' letter requesting transcripts of Carter Page's FISA court hearings. This is important.
Now, Chairman Nunes is asking for, quote, any relevant FISA court hearings associated with the initial application or subsequent renewals related to electronic surveillance of Carter Page. I would like to see them too.
Now, the House Committee is setting a February 16th deadline that's one week from tonight for the court to provide those transcripts if they in fact have them. Now, getting these transcripts would be a massive development as we have been explaining night after night, we know the top echelon of the FBI again, they relied almost exclusively on this Hillary Clinton bought and paid for dossier to get that warrant and then, of course, on Carter Page, and they didn't tell the FISA court that the dossier was, in fact, bought and paid for with about $12 million of moneys paid for by Hillary Clinton and the DNC funneled through the same law firm.
Now, we are following this developing story because this is key in all of this. How could you use an unverified Russian propaganda dossier to get a FISA warrant to spy on opposition candidate and an incoming president?
All right. Also, other breaking news this hour. Another new explosive report, according to ABC News, Senate investigators, they are examining a second anti-Trump dossier. Now, this was put together by long-time Clinton ally, guy by that the name of Cody Shearer.
And according to ABC, the Senate Intelligence Committee is now trying to set up an interview with Shearer who reported solid claiming that he put together the second dossier as, quote, an independent journalist. Now, nobody is buying that because, according to The Guardian, Shearer has ties going all the way back to when Bill Clinton was president in the 1990s.
We did reach out to shearer for comment. Shocking, he didn't get back to us.
And we are also learning tonight that the State Department was, in fact, involved in obtaining and then spreading phony anti-Trump information during the campaign. Really? And a former top ranking official at the department that Hillary Clinton used to run is admitting in a "Washington Post" op-ed that he was in contact with Christopher Steele also, and that Clinton confidante, Sid "Vicious" Blumenthal, gave him information that came from Cody Shearer, who we just told you about.
Now, this is a striking admission from the State Department because remember, Christopher Steele used the information it was never verified, Clinton paid for it her friends are feeding Steele, nobody verifies it and then it's used as a basis for a FISA warrant.
You got this guy Jonathan Winer, matches exactly what the memo put together by Senators Grassley and Graham exposed earlier this week when we got the unredacted version.
And, of course, we have Congressman Devin Nunes, well, he told us in an interview earlier this week that his committee is now investigating the State Department and their involvement in this.
Now, in an op-ed entitled: Devin Nunes is investigating me, here's the truth. Well, Winer says he met with Christopher Steele in Washington in September to talk about information in the dossier. After which Winer goes on to explain about the dossier, quote, I was allowed to review about you but not keep the copy of these reports to enable me to alert the State Department. I prepared a two-page summary. I shared it with Nuland who indicated like me she felt the secretary of state needed to be aware of this material.
So, former Obama Secretary of State John Kerry may also be involved in this scandal, which is why he needs to now answer questions under oath about what he knew, when he knew it and if he ever saw this dossier, what he knew about the dossier.
Now, Winer then goes on to write how later that month that he talked with his friend Sid "Vicious: Blumenthal, best friend of the Clintons. And Winer admits, quote, talking about Blumenthal, showed me notes gathered by a journalist I didn't know, Cody Shearer that alleged the Russians had compromising information on Trump of a sexual and financial nature. And what struck me was how some of these materials echoed Steele's but appeared to involve different sources.
So, Winer then goes on to write on my own, I shared a copy of these notes with Steele to ask for his professional reaction. He told me it was potentially collateral information. And I asked him what he meant by that and he said that it was similar but separate from the information he had gathered from his sources. By the way, Russian sources.
Then he writes: I agree to let him keep a copy of the Shearer notes. Now, Winer goes on to say that Christopher Steele shared the information that he gave him to the FBI.
Do you see how unbelievable this is?
Now, we reached out to Blumenthal for comment. He's not responding to our request. So this whole scandal starts with Hillary Clinton, remember, rigging the primary against Bernie Sanders. Why Bernie people aren't more mad, I don't know.
Then she tried to rig the general election against Donald Trump. She pays for a phony Russian propaganda dossier filled with Russian government lies and propaganda. The FBI then takes that bought and paid for dossier, they don't tell the FISA judge the truth to go out and get a warrant to spy on the Trump campaign before the election and then they use it after the election.
And there's now concerns that Steve Bannon, former top Trump aide, well, that he might have been caught up in incidental surveillance. By the way, there might be a lot of other people. And we're also learning that in addition to the Clinton campaign, while we have Hillary's allies, they are feeding anti-Trump dirt to the State Department, which is sharing it with Christopher Steele.
Like we have been telling you, sit tight. If you think this is bad right now, I promise you it's going to only get worse. What we have now is a sliver of the information. It's coming out day by day.
That's a purposeful -- but that's a purposeful deception and omission to the FISA court. That is beyond material that is beyond material. That would have been a game changer for any fair judge.
So, you got, Greg, you hit people, know hit people, literally, you know, making up information, feeding it all to Steele. Steele is -- we learned in the unredacted Graham-Grassley memo that, in fact, the information that got us, the bulk of the FISA, it's unverified, they don't tell the FISA judge where it comes from. So, you got basically everybody feeding this big lying narrative to each other and then they lie before a judge and they get a warrant.
Well, let me stay in this. And, Sara, you and John May 25th last year, you were on this program talking about it, how the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court blasted, literally ripped to shreds the Obama administration for breaking not only America's surveillance laws but blatantly violating the Constitution, those aren't my words, those are the judges' words.
Yes.
We need to, Gregg, get to the crimes that potentially are committed here. I mean, misrepresenting information to a court is bad enough, but it suggested in the Grassley-Graham unredacted memo that they had actually seen all four FISA warrant applications. So, I'm assuming Charles Grassley and Lindsey Graham saw them.
So, they are available in some capacity as Devin Nunes so I can believe is asking for this information tonight.
What did it -- but (ph) if the FBI and James Comey knew? If he knew that he was -- you know, that footnote may have political origins and knew darn well it was bought and paid for by Hillary, and if they even knew on top of it that Hillary aides were feeding this.
And remember -- go back to the Grassley-Graham unredacted. They are saying this is Russian government lies. They said government, the Russian government in that Christopher Steele is putting in that information.
It's the irony in all of this is insane. Just like the irony of Uranium One is we are giving Russia 20 percent of our uranium. You know, we have heard a year about Russia and now we have real evidence.
How could you ever present what the Grassley-Graham memo was saying, Sara, unverified Russian government information that Hillary paid for to get a warrant to spy on an opposition party.
True.
The fix was in, Sara. The fix was. It was rigged by Comey. It was rigged by Peter Strzok.
What are the statute of limitations -- I don't know if you know off the top of your head -- on the Clinton email server, considering the fix was in, Gregg? That's an important fact --
Unbelievable. I agree with you, too.
All right. Thank you both. We appreciate it.
We have more breaking news from Washington tonight. Ed Henry has a report.
Also, Dr. Sebastian Gorka, Herman Cain, so much more.
Breaking Friday news night. We're glad you are with us.
All right. Joining us now with more reaction to tonight's opening monologue and huge news we have had all week: former deputy assistant to the president and Fox News national security strategist, Sebastian Gorka, and Fox News contributor Herman Cain.
You know, Dr. Gorka, think of what we had. A week ago today, we got the House Intel, the Nunes memo. Then we got the Senate memo on Monday. Then we got the unredacted version on Tuesday. Then we find out that the Uranium One informant testified before three committees in Washington.
The great irony here is that we're learning that there was real Russian problems in the election. And that's Hillary paying for Russian lies that then gets used as a foundation for a FISA warrant and that we knew 18 months in advance of bribery, extortion, money laundering, kickbacks by Putin operatives in America. And we still allowed him to get 20 percent of America's uranium.
And the mainstream media still stuck on Trump-Russia collusion with no evidence.
Up to eight. Demoted, fired or retired. Yes.
Well, I know many of the rank-and-file are. And we have gone to great pains on this program to make sure our audience understands. This is not rank-and-file FBI. This is not rank-and-file intelligence. This is thought rank and file of the DOJ. This is the upper echelon. We have a cast of characters abusing power.
Herman, historically, I don't see a bigger abuse of power corruption scandal in our history as big as this one.
Isn't that the most ironic thing here?
It's a great irony.
Look at the Graham-Grassley memo. It's not only Russia. They talked about Russian government lies.
Fed to Steele that then is used unverified by anybody to get a FISA warrant. I mean, and the Uranium One deal. Same thing. They knew about Clinton, Putin operatives in this country. Robert Mueller was the FBI director. We had a spy within.
We'll talk about it in the next segment.
Yes. You know, Herman Cain, what I'm hoping for here is that we are able to get to the bottom of it, but if we get to the bottom of it, if this inspector general report, which is coming out in a couple of weeks is all that we expect it is all going to go back to that fact that Hillary Clinton was protected and where somebody -- any other American would have gotten arrested.
Because we have a special category for the Clintons and there was a massive rigging of the crime she committed -- this -- you know, people said why are you talking about Clinton, Hannity? Because if we did the things she did deleting subpoenaed e-mails and putting it in mom and shop bathroom closet and using bleach bit and hammers I think we would probably all be arrested.
All right, guys. Thank you both. We appreciate it. When we come back, we had three congressional committees here from the informant on the issue of Uranium One. The person that broke that story, the author of "Clinton Cash," Peter Schweizer has a full report, next.
All right. It is one of the biggest most egregious Clinton scandals who will not go away. For years, right here on this program we've been telling you about the highly unusual sale of a company called Uranium One to a Russian state owned energy company.
Now we can report that an FBI informant is telling Congress that Russia paid millions of dollars to a lobbying firm in order to influence Hillary Clinton while she was working as secretary of state.
Now, we did in fact reach out to the lobbying firm involved APCO. They gave us a statement it reads in part, quote, "APCO never worked for Uranium One or on their CFIUS matter, period." And APCO also said they worked for Ten- X. The Clinton global initiative never was connected.
Now a spokesperson for Hillary Clinton is calling these developments a charade.
And here with the person who actually broke this story on Uranium One years ago, the author of the bestselling book "Clinton Cash, the Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Help Make Bill and Hillary Clinton Rich," Peter Schweizer.
So, what is amazing you wrote about this "Clinton Cash" and you talk about 145 million kick back to the Clinton Foundation with all the actors involved in this. This week, you know, we have been hearing about an informant that had infiltrated Vladimir Putin's operation in America to get a foot hold in the uranium market in America. He was there from the get-go.
He was there before CFIUS ever signed off. And he found all of this evidence, bribery extortion, money laundering, kickbacks. Everybody knew about it. How is it possible they would have -- knowing Clinton operatives are in this country, committing crimes, wanting uranium, why did they ever let this deal go through when we don't have enough uranium?
What we do know is...
Well, we know the testimony before three congressional committees this week of this informant who was there from the get-go. He was telling them that those people involved in this deal were very confident the nine separate departments that were needed to sign off, the CFIUS group, were going to because of Clinton influence. So that's interesting, especially when you follow the money.
So the Clintons number one excuse is well, she is only one of nine separate departments. She doesn't control the departments. She didn't sign off personally on it. What is your answer to their response, their talking point?
Really scary. And, again, the Russia connection is on Hillary's side. Amazing work. Thank you so much. We appreciate it, Peter Schweizer. When we come back, how is it possible the news media in this country, I've told you journalism is dead, has missed the biggest story in their lifetime? How is it possible? Sean Spicer and Joe Concha next.
All right. So the media's hatred of President Trump is once again on full display. Listen do this.
By the way Chuck Todd, he claims to be a hard news unbiased objective journalist. But that's not all. Remember how the media reacted to President Trump's idea of having a military parade. Let's see. How many ceremonies are there out there in Hollywood? Take a look at this insanity.
All right. I said it before I will say it again. The left wing destroy Trump media is missing the biggest story of their lives.
Here with reaction former White House press secretary Sean Spicer and The Hill's Joe Concha. You know, you go back and you actually see that this wouldn't be the first time, Sean. FDR, the beloved FDR had this happen and Eisenhower had something similar and let's see, JFK, not a full display but they had their own displays.
And then I think of every Hollywood award ceremony, every music ceremony but we can't have an honoring parade of the military? Really? Why is that so hard?
It's unbelievable.
Like the time for honoring themselves in Hollywood will soon come to an end. I think I saw that in Gladiator.
You know, you think about it, I added up, it was something like 25, 30, between the music industry and the Academy awards, the Global Awards, this awards, Joe Concha, I think it's actually a great idea. And I think the country, we owe them a debt of gratitude and any way to honor them I think is well worth it.
I think that will all happen but even if he does that I'm sure it will be criticized. How did they miss the biggest story in their lifetime, Joe Concha? The rest of the media, how did they get it so wrong on Trump- Russia collusion.
Is there any evidence? Let me put it this way.
Is there any evidence in over the year that you see?
I don't think Mueller should have been there in the first place. I mean, we have learned just in the last week with the Nunes memo and unredacted Grassley-Graham memo, Sean Spicer, seems to me that this whole thing was a witch punt from the get-go.
How did they miss the stories we've been talking about, Joe Concha, how did they miss the bulk of the FISA warrant was predicated on Hillary and paid for lies. How do you miss that?
OK. Thank you, all. When we come back, our Friday video of the day and Hannity hotline. I can't wait for the lovely comments you have for me tonight.
All right. Tonight's heartwarming video of the day comes to us from the Kissimmee, Florida Police Department where 6-year-old Enzo Russell was sworn in as a special policeman on his birthday this past Wednesday.
Now Enzo's uncle is Sergeant Sam Howard of Kissimmee Police Department. Only 36 years old when he was killed in the line of duty last August.
As you know on this show, we always support and thank all of the brave men and women in law enforcement, the FBI, intelligence community, those that put their lives on the line to protect us every single day. And that was well deserved. Great job, guys in Kissimmee.
All right. Time this Friday night for our Hannity hotline. I can hardly wait for these comments.
Wow, we end on a really good note. I appreciate the kind words. We're working very hard. I promise we're digging for the truth. We're not the destroy Trump media.
If you have anything you want to say to me, it doesn't matter, mean, nice, hateful, 877-225-8587. Unfortunately, on this Friday night that's all the time we have left. A lot of big things coming next weekend. Jason Chaffetz is sitting in for Laura Ingraham tonight. Hope you have a great weekend. We'll see you back here on Monday.

show#: 59  ***************************************************
 Now, fake news' CNN's Jim Acosta, he is either lying to you or he doesn't understand that if you are in the Senate, you actually need 60 votes to break a filibuster. You paying attention, Jim? That's why it's being called the Schumer Shutdown because the Democrats, they are refusing to vote on a clean continual resolution which they say they always like and that includes funding for the CHIP Program -- the Children's Health Insurance Program that they say they wanted and wanted badly.
Now, don't believe any of these for a second. In this particular case, that Democrats actually care about DACA and the Dreamers, that this is what it's about. They don't even want a DACA solution. They want to run on this in 2018. They want to use it as a political weapon for this mid-term elections.
Now, Democrats and the media, they are also praying that this shutdown drags on for as long as possible because they want to stop what? The Trump economy dead in its tracks? Which is not going to happen. Now, President Trump, he has thankfully reversed the economic decline that we saw all eight years under Barack Obama and the left. They can't stand watching this.
Look at this. Good news for you is bad news for them. The stock market is at an all-time high. Under President Trump, the Dow Jones is having its best year since FDR was president, 2.2. million jobs now have been created. Unemployment in America, a 17-year low. Americans filing for unemployment, get this is at a 45-year low.
Good news. Americans and African-Americans and Hispanic unemployment, get this, it's at an all-time low under the President's policies. And consumer confidence is near an all-time high.
Also, two million fewer people are on food stamps today. The forgotten men and women are being remembered. Finally. In other words, it is a complete and one-year turnaround and the exact opposite of what have we saw during the last eight years of Obama's failed economy.
They don't want to focus on this and in addition to being exposed as total frauds and political hacks over the government shutdown, all Democrats are also massive hypocrites and we have the evidence. Here is what they said back in 2013 when they were trying to blame Republicans for a government shutdown. You might remember this.
The hypocrisy is stunning. That's what they are doing. These people have no shame and apparently, they haven't actually figured out that most of what they say just five years ago is actually on videotape. And just like the media, Democrats have zero credibility on the issue.
Now, for them, this is all about scare tactics and trying to convince you, the American people that the shutdown will lead to mass suffering and apocalyptic-like circumstances. Those are all lies they have been telling all week.
Now, the OMB Director, Mick Mulvaney explained earlier today that in 2013 and this did happen, the Obama Administration, they made the shutdown as bad as possible to score cheap political points. They did hold everything hostage.
And Mulvaney, he also laid out how most of the government is going to stay open if this "shutdown" happens in less than what? Three hours. Watch this.
We're not going to hurt people. Now, that's the truth. The government doesn't really shutdown. I hope the Democrats won't inconvenience all these brave people that work on the border, the firemen. Just don't believe the media and the Democrats, they are typical scare tactics because they are not true and very few people will tell you that.
All right, no to our big top story tonight. Alarming and shocking. People will go to jail. Comparisons to KGB tactics. Well, that is how lawmakers tonight are describing the biggest scandal in American history that the media is trying to ignore. They will not be able to.
Now, Sara Carter is reporting tonight that more than 130 members have actually gone to see the explosive classified memo that shows systematic FISA abuses against the Trump campaign and an incoming President and according to Sara Carter, the vast majority of those members of Congress, they happen to be Republicans. In fact, only Democrats, the only ones to look at the four-page memo are ones who are on the House Intelligence Committee and only one other Democrat we know off actually took the time and went over to look at it today.
And Democrats on that House Committee, by the way were the once that voted to keep it secret from Congress. They don't want you to see it. So, what are the Democrats trying to cover-up in this particular case? What are they hiding here? Who are they protecting here? And do they want to keep it a secret?
Now, tonight, we are demanding that this information be released to you, the public because the American people, you need to know about this huge and massive abuse of power and how the Obama Administration has weaponized the powerful tools of intelligence and how the Clinton bought and paid for phony Russian dossier that was actually used to not only spy on the Trump campaign, but also to get a FISA warrant. Based on lies.
So, we are asking tonight that you call your members of Congress. There is the number, it is on your screen, 202-224-3121, tell your members of Congress, "Release the memo." That's it. If you are on Twitter, #releasethememo. We are going to put the number up throughout the show tonight.
Now, I know a lot of you have been writing and asking, "Well, why is it taking so long?" We have been since March. We reported first then about this abuse that the Trump campaign had a FISA warrant that was issued against them. That was back in March. We have been unpeeling the layers of this onion, this massive scandal and it is so imperative, we have now gotten to this point that you need to see this information for yourself.
We hope you'll call the number on your screen. Demand, just release the memo. Tell the truth to the American people because we have a few powerful people in the intelligence community, well, they thought they knew better than we did, than you did about who should be the president. They abused their position. They tried to influence, steal, rig an election.
Now, all that needs to happen is this. The House Intelligence Committee, they need to vote to release this information to the public. They will then send it to the White House who I would assume would sign off on it. So, in reality, with enough pressure, this could be done in a matter of days.
And sources familiar with this memo, they are telling us the contents of this memo are so severe and so shocking that it would lead to the firing of people at the highest levels of the FBI and the DOJ. Now, please keep this in mind as we said earlier, everything that we are telling you tonight, it's only a small portion of what will be coming throughout this year. It is going to take time. We are going to need your patience, but the first explosive evidence is now available.
Think back to Watergate. Watergate was a third-rate break and a group of people trying to cover up, you know, a break into the Watergate Hotel to get information on the opposition candidate.
This scandal is about the systemic abuse of power, the weaponizing of the powerful tools of intelligence against an opposition party during an election year and in the process, shredding our Constitution, our Fourth Amendment Constitutional protections against unreasonable search and seizure, all in a plot to impact and rig and steal an election. That's how important this is.
And I don't care if you are a liberal, a conservative, or Republican and Democrat, you need to care about this because we will lose our Constitutional Republic if we don't get to this the bottom of this. And when all of this information finally sees the light of day, it will remove any doubt that the Special Counsel, Robert Mueller, his team of partisan Democratic donors need to be disbanded and their witch hunt needs to be shut down immediately.
And as we showed you last night, these are the key players in all of this. They are high ranking -- Obama, FBI and DOJ officials, and a lot more information about them will be coming out in just the next couple of weeks. I think, the latest we will get this is around January 30th, but we need to see it sooner.
We also know that the Trump-hating FBI agent, Peter Strzok and his FBI lawyer mistress, Lisa Page, they are at the center of everything here. And we know from the released text messages that they called then candidate Trump an idiot, loathsome, a loathsome human being, F-trump and there are still 9,600text messages that we have not seen yet.
And one particular message really gets to the heart of what we have been trying to find out and this is between Peter Strzok and Page, and now it makes a lot more sense knowing what we know.
Now back in August, Strzok wrote to Lisa Page. Well, I want to believe the path that you threw out for consideration in Andy's office that there is no way he gets elected, but I am afraid, we can't take that risk. It's like an insurance policy in the unlikely event that you die before you are 40.
And we of course believe that was Andy, Andrew McCabe, the FBI director, of course. Andrew McCabe and we also are believing tonight and we have very strong evidence to corroborate this that Lisa Page was the key counsel for McCabe. You see, the next in here, you've got Lisa Page, you've got Peter Strzok, you've got Andrew McCabe. What is the insurance policy? Talking about an insurance policy in case Donald Trump wins the election and Hillary loses, and at the same time, then you have the Obama Administration. They are trying to obtain a FISA warrant to spy on the Trump campaign and say, allegedly, it's about Carter Page, but we know it's a pre-text and sources are telling us that the first request for the warrant was rejected.
They said no, which rarely happens. And that's when the Clinton bought and paid for phony Russian propaganda dossier was then used. Now, that dossier put the request over the top and they were granted the FISA warrant and that allowed the Obama Administration to begin the systemic abuse of FISA spying powers to target a candidate -- an opposing candidate, an opposition party in an election, and this is part of the important Fusion GPS. Now, co-founder Glenn Simpson, and he testified -- this was released yesterday, he didn't even bother to verify what was in the dossier. He just trusted the person he is paying, a British spy, Christopher Steele even though Steele is known to have paid Russians for information.
And by the way, his very skilled nature is what? His skill is deception and we are learning from the Simpson testimony that the Clinton campaign and the DNC knew he was reacting, in other words, reaching out to the media out to try and get them to write stories about the fabricated Russian dossier.
So just like we have been telling you, Clinton bought and paid fora dossier, $12 million. It was going right through one lawyer through her campaign, right through another lawyer though the DNC, which she was controlling. In it, what do we have? Russian lies, salacious lies -- all in an attempt -- she rigged the election against Bernie, now she is trying to rig the election against Trump. Comey and Strzok, while they exonerate her before an investigation, you get it, there is a lot of rigging here.
Explain to my friends that are so impatient why it is taking so long because it's been literally a layer of onion a day.
Gregg Jarrett, let's go to the legal side of this. You have been examining every aspect of it. Tell us where we are and do you agree with my calls for the firings? Anybody you disagree with?
(Eddie), is there anyone you disagree with that should be fired and do you agree that the Special Counsel, Robert Mueller needs to be disbanded because it was all done on false pretenses and seems it was all done illegally?
Dr. Gorka, you were in the White House for a good period of this time. I am going to imagine this becomes very distracting and the fact that it's all predicated on something that was false, erroneous and that we've had no evidence for in a year, probably frustrating to you?
Sara do you agree with that too? Agreed.
Exactly. How many people.
And surveilled and unmasked and leaked upon.
I want to say this, all of have you been amazing. Thanks for your hard work in the last year. We have another year of hard work ahead. Ed Henry, next on the government shutdown.
This is Fox News alert. By the way, one quick correction, I meant Watergate Complex, not hotel, and I apologize. Congress has a procedural vote scheduled this hour, within the hour to potentially avoid a government shutdown and joining us now live from the White House is Fox News chief national correspondent, our friend Ed Henry. That will be a long night. I hope you have a lot of expresso there, Ed.
All right. Ed Henry, at the White House. Joining us now with reaction, she is the counsel to President Trump, Kellyanne Conway is with us.
Kellyanne, the one thing that -- two things struck me today, as Mick Mulvaney was talking and speaking to the press, number one, how ignorant Jim Acosta is that you need 60 votes. And number two, he said, this does not have to be painful. Obama and the Democrats made it more painful than it needed to be. That won't be the case this time.
That's the end of March.
You know, look, this is so important on so many different levels. Not the least in which, we going to have border patrol agents. They have to work but may not get paid.
That's hurting, you know, the forgotten men and women, that people that do all these great jobs for us, firemen and et cetera. If it's only until February 8th and Chuck Schumer -- does he not know that they don't have control of this? And that he is trying to weaponized and threaten the American people with a big shutdown? Because that's the language that he used and Pelosi used just five years ago.
All right, Kellyanne Conway, we thank you. We will be watching. By the president just tweeted this out, he said, not looking good for our great military or safety and security, on the very dangerous southern border. Dems want to shut down and help diminish the great success of tax cuts, and what they are doing for a booming economy. That was just tweeted out.
When we come back, Pam Bondi is with us, also Herman Cain. We'll get their take on the biggest scandal in American history. Please stay with us on this busy breaking Friday evening.
All right, back to the controversy FISA memo that is circulating in congress. It is revealing now disturbing surveillance abuses by the U.S. government against the Trump campaign and the Trump transition, and a president-elect. Here with more reaction, the Florida attorney general, Pam Bondi, and Fox News contributor, our friend, Herman Cain. Well, both are friends.
Pam, legally, as we now have discovered all of this, it's so much bigger than Watergate. This is the powerful tools of intelligence, the top people that have access to those tools. And it's about using them in the FISA courts to prevent somebody from getting elected and sabotaging him after he was.
That's correct.
Herman Cain, I know you went through a lot when you were a presidential candidate. We've been long-time friends. It was horrible. It was abusive. This is on a level that is way beyond anything I have ever seen and maybe hopefully, beyond anything we will ever see again. And it's only the beginning.
So sure.
We never would have found out.
Pam Bondi, we first reported on the potential of a FISA warrant almost a year ago. It's taken a year to, you know, grind away and unpeel that layer of an onion. The people that I have mentioned, Lisa and Peter -- Lisa Page, Peter Strzok, Andrew McCabe, Rod Rosenstein, James Comey, Bruce Orr.
Do you agree with me in what I am saying that all they need to be investigated, first fired and then investigated, and then immediately, I believe, we should disband the Special Counsel based on the false pretense and circumstances under which it was put together?
Predicated on a phony lie Russian dossier paid for by another candidate.
I want to know if Rod Rosenstein -- we are running out of time. Herman Cain, last word.
Look at the number we keep put it up throughout the show. Release the memo -- hashtag release the memo. Dan Bongino and Geraldo Rivera, they battle it out next.
We expect in just minutes, the Senate will hold a procedural vote to end the filibuster on the House temporary spending bill. We do not expect it will pass. Joining us now with reaction, former secret service agent, Dan Bongino, Fox News correspondent at large, Geraldo Rivera.
Geraldo, I go back five years listening to the rhetoric of Chuck Schumer. He is doing the exact opposite and arguing the exact opposite thing he was arguing five years ago.
How shocking.
That's not fair, Geraldo. The DREAMers are still here until the end of March.
And, Trump offered a deal. Chain migration ended. Merit based immigration and the wall, and you got a deal. And a lot of conservatives didn't like that deal.
They're holding us an hostage.
It didn't hurt anybody. This government shutdown will hurt nobody. All right, thank you both. When we come back, is Liberal Joe colluding with Putin and the Russians? We will play you the tape.
All right, the Senate is at only minutes away from holding a procedural vote that the end of filibuster on the House interim spending bill. And now, by the way, it's time for video of the day. So, Liberal Joe -- Dr. Liberal Joe, and Dr. Mika in this case, Joe is at it again.
By the way, how would, Liberal Joe, know that? Joe, you're losing it, you need psychiatric help. Who are your sources? Could it be that you're colluding with the Russians? It's the only thing I can conclude. All right, before we go, one more item of business. The Hannity hotline, oh, this has been a tough week, listen to this.
All right, let me have it. It's fine. I can handle it. We want to hear from you, 877-225-8587. We'll always be fair and balance...

show#: 60  ***************************************************
 Now it's really refreshing for an American president to call out the U.N., because for years, we've seen the organization repeatedly attack Israel and push their radical, leftist, globalist agenda that does not respect the sovereignty of individual countries, including the U.S.
Now, this, of course, comes despite the fact that the U.S. provides 22 percent of the funding to the U.N. in their regular budget and 28 percent of the money that goes to U.N. peacekeeping missions.
Now, President Trump's criticism of the U.N. comes ahead of his speech to the General Assembly -- that's happening tomorrow morning. And according to a senior Trump administration official, the president will focus on his policy of principled realism, call on U.N. members to do more across the globe and specifically condemn these rogue regimes of North Korea and Iran.
Now, President Trump's speech could not come at a more important time, with North Korea ramping up their missile and nuclear weapons program. When it comes to this North Korean threat, the Trump administration -- they're keeping every option on the table.
And the U.S. ambassador to the U.N., Nikki Haley, made it very clear yesterday that Pyongyang's aggressive behavior will not be tolerated. This is now coming to a head. Watch this.
Yes, it will be destructive and they will be incinerated. As we've been saying on this program, there are not a lot of good solutions to the dangerous situation with North Korea. We'll have more on that. John Bolton will join us in a few minutes.
Also tonight, leftist Hollywood elites smearing, slandering, besmirching the character of President Trump at the Emmys. Now, take a look at just some of the comments from these overpaid, out of touch, pampered Hollywood liberals -- and they're kind of dumb and hypocritical -- including the host, Stephen Colbert. Let's watch this.
Oh, the person that stole the show was former White House press secretary Sean Spicer. Well, one minute of levity anyway. Take a look.
Not exactly. So while all these Hollywood leftists were hysterical over Sean Spicer's joke about crowd size, it turns out, well, the American people didn't really care to watch this Hollywood hate fest. Last night's awards show just barely missed setting a record for the least-watched Emmys ever. And for good reason.
Hollywood's insane, unhinged hatred for the president is pretty much unlike anything we've ever seen. Just look at how actors and comedians and musicians have repeatedly threatened or encouraged violence against the president. These people have become unhinged, deranged, and kind of in a weird way, obsessed with the president. And it shows how out of touch, oblivious they are to the American people and the agenda that you voted for.
By the way, when are we going to have an awards show for carpenters and doctors that save lives and nurses and people that do plumbing and heating and make our lives better every day, and truck drivers that bring us all the food and materials we need? Do they ever get an award show, ever?
And speaking of agendas, it appears Senate Republicans are actually interested in keeping their promises that they made about repealing and replacing ObamaCare. All right, let's not get our expectations up too high. But after the Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell failed spectacularly to get enough votes back in July, well, Senators Bill Cassidy, Lindsey Graham -- they are offering up a new amendment to get rid of ObamaCare once and for all.
Here are some of the highlights of this plan. It replaces ObamaCare subsidies with block grants to the states. So that instead of a one-size-fits-all approach dictated by Washington, well, states will be able to choose how they want to spend the money. And it ends both the crushing individual and employer mandates. The massive and unaffordable Medicaid expansion will be scaled back. Insurers will have more flexibility to offer catastrophic plans, by the way, currently illegal under ObamaCare, and get rid of a lot of ObamaCare regulations. And by the way, health savings accounts would be expanded. Same with health cooperatives.
And those are all Republican ideas and principles. I kept saying during that debate, where the Republicans ideas we've talked about for 15 years? Now, Republicans do need to get this done before September the 30th. That's when the budget reconciliation process window closes, or else then, they'll need 60 votes to repeal and replace ObamaCare. After that, it would be unlikely to happen. Now, the Senate majority leader McConnell, Republicans need to do everything within their power to get this passed. The clock is ticking.
Now, while the president waits on Republicans to get their act together, his administration -- they are moving ahead on a plan that would allow studies to be conducted on energy exploration in Anwar, the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in Alaska. Millions of high-paying career jobs are at stake here. Estimates put the number of untapped ANWR oil reserves between 4 and almost 12 billion barrels of oil. Energy independence has been one of the president's major promises, and allowing drilling in a region -- and we've shown pictures before -- it is a vast wilderness, a huge step in America energy independence.
Congress will also need to continue to move ahead on tax reform. Remember, the plan is simple, seven brackets to three, 15 percent corporate rate to make American businesses more competitive. They'll invest in factories and manufacturing centers, allowing multinational corporations, repatriate trillions at a low rate because they don't want to bring the money into the U.S. because they pay a high rate now.
Again, they'll be investing in American workers and American products. All of this helps the forgotten men and women in this country that were key to the last election.
Now, if you do all of this, you gut regulations, which the president has been doing, unleash the American economy, that's great for everybody.
And finally, we cannot forget Congress needs to fund the border wall. Get the money first. That money needs to be secured first before any other deal is made on immigration, period, end of sentence. You always get the tax increase, never the spending cuts. You always get some type of conciliation on whatever it happens to be, but you never get the promised border security!
Here with reaction, RNC spokesperson Kayleigh McEnany is with us, Fox News correspondent-at-large Geraldo Rivera, Florida attorney general Pam Bondi.
Pam, we'll start with you. Got a lot of issues on the table tonight.
Where would you want to start?
Is that why you're here?
Huge.
Big part of immigration.
... table on North Korea. They have a lot of power over North Korea.
Geraldo, I thought of you. We are both big freedom of speech guys. I don't call for boycotts. I don't call for firing people, not even an ISIS pose with the severed head of the president, although you even suggested it could be a crime as a threat to the president.
It seems like the intolerance in this country now is almost solely on the left because if any conservatives spoke at the Emmys about Obama the way they speak about Donald Trump, our president, you know the outrage would be loud, fast, furious, and conservatives probably would end up fired!
I agree with you.
He jacked up his speaking fee! Why do you go right to the business aspect (INAUDIBLE) which cracks me up.
You know, as I listened a little bit last night, I couldn't watch it. It's intolerable to me, Kayleigh. But there's one thing that is of a note. All of the lies that are told every 2 and 4 years in elections in this country by Democrats -- Republicans are racist, sexist, misogynistic, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic. They basically -- that's what they believe. They believe the Democratic lie.
The president is unlike past presidents. He's fighting back against the lies! And I think it's refreshing because it's something that is so vicious that they've gotten away with, it's now made it to the mainstream where people believe this garbage.
All right, let's go to the agenda, Pam Bondi. I think the president -- you agree with me, I think, that he's got to get the funding first. I would think you agree it would be a good thing -- as conservatives, don't we always want to always send things back to the states?
The health care. If he gets his tax plan in place, it includes things like getting rid of the alternative minimum, ending the double death tax, which people pay -- I think -- and energy independence, I think that spurs economic growth we've never seen since Reagan.
Geraldo, for the first time in a long time, after talking to a lot of the leadership this weekend in the House and talking to a lot of rank and file in the House and Senate, I'm thinking the items I just mentioned actually could get done. I didn't believe it up until now.
We have John Bolton in the next segment. I did mention it in my opening monologue.
But I think the agenda...
Because they're one vote away right now.
I can tell you for a face they're one vote away...
... in the Senate and the House is going to support it.
... best buddy, Lindsey Graham, that's sponsoring the bill! Maybe he can get -- you know, all these people promised us. I think Lisa Murkowski, she could hold it up. Susan Collins could hold it up and Rand Paul.
That's attainable!
Right.
I hate to say it. You may be right. Most people can walk and chew gum. Most Americans that have a sense of urgency, that actually work 16 hours a day and don't take off months at a time -- you might be right there. So I hate to concede a point that they're lazy and never underestimate their incompetence, but I'll give Kayleigh an opportunity to respond to you.
Yes. All right, from your lips to God's ears. Pam, welcome to New York. Great to see you.
Geraldo, my adopted brother, thank you for being...
You've been so nice to me. Thank you so much. Kayleigh, we love having you. Isn't it better the worst person you're dealing with is not Van Jones but Geraldo?
He's not that bad. He's actually a good guy and one of my best friends.
When we come back, talking about North Korea -- former ambassador John Bolton weighs in and he'll talk about the president's speech to the U.N. tomorrow.
Later, a one-on-one "Hannity" shootout with a former Obama economic adviser, Austan Goolsbee.
And we do have a big announcement at the end of the show, something that I think you're going to like, straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So today, President Trump made his first appearance at the U.N. in New York City as commander-in-chief. And he had this to say about an organization that I claim has been historically anti-American and anti-Semitic. Take a look.
All right, here with reaction, Fox News contributor, former U.S. ambassador to the U.N., John Bolton. First react to the president's comments, and then you can react to my comments because I saw you look at me when I -- when I mentioned what I feel about the U.N.
Why do we get stuck with 22 percent of the bill, 28 percent of the money for U.N. peacekeeping? And the majority of forces, let's face it, are almost universally a majority American all the time.
They have the same power we do.
Am I using hyperbole, am I wrong, am I being unfair to say the organization, generally speaking, its voting over the years has been anti- Semitic and anti-American?
Yes. You know, one of the things that frustrates me is -- by the way, beyond they're in New York right now. You can't budge in New York because you got every...
Oh, I walked everywhere. I -- listen, I'm not complaining. I'm not whining. We have good lives. That's not the point.
But I don't think they -- I don't think they've done anything effective in terms of what their mission was. I would think, at some point -- I like your idea about doing it voluntarily, but a bigger point is if they can't function and have a sense of right and wrong -- when you put Iran on the U.N. human rights commission...
OK, a country that kills gays and lesbians. Let's start there, persecutes Christian and Jews, talks about wiping Israel off the map -- how do you put them on the human rights commission?
All right, stay right there. We'll have more with Ambassador Bolton right after the break.
Nikki Haley talking about the possible destruction of North Korea. I've been using the word "incinerate." No, we'll get into that. Also, what about the nuclear deal with Iran? Will that go away? And also tonight, I go one-on-one, "Hannity" shoot-out, Austan Goolsbee.
That and -- well, we have a little announcement tonight. We hope you'll stand by. It's important. Straight ahead.
No, we don't.
So Bill Clinton when he announces the nuclear deal after he spent billions in taxpayer dollars in energy subsidies with North Korea, a good deal for the American people. All right, some good deal, because he has a nuclear weapons we were promised they wouldn't have. Now they've got the missile technology. I don't see anything different unfolding over time as I'm listening to the Israeli prime minister as it relates to Iran. Now you've got radical Islam married to weapons of mass destruction. That to me is a-squared, b-squared, c-squared formula, and that is radical Islamists, nuclear weapons, modern-day holocaust.
So if he finds in any way that they are not living up to the agreement of the deal, the president -- I think it's month by month he signs off on.
I have the Egyptian president, General President el-Sisi who has shown great courage in Egypt standing up to not only the Muslim Brotherhood. They refer to them and designated them a terrorist organization. We have not in the U.S., which is nuts. But he has shown great courage taking on radical Islam and, he said, talking about how Islam needs a reformation, if you will, or a dramatic change. And I'm sure he put himself at great risk.
But it seems that Israel, the Saudis, the Egyptians, the Jordanians and other gulf states now have aligned because of a fear of Iranian hegemony in the region, true or false?
All right, ambassador, very troubled times. I think North Korea, we are on the verge. Do you agree? This is going to happen.
I think we are going to have to take out their muscles on the launch-pad.
All right, very dangerous. Thank you, sir.
When we come back, Hillary Clinton actually tells NPR she's not going to rule out questioning the legitimacy of the 2016 election results. By the way, can you say crybaby? If new information pops about the Russia election interference -- there's no information. Up, the "Hannity" shoot- out, former Obama economic adviser Austan Goolsbee. And the big announcement tonight coming up at the end of the show, straight ahead.
Welcome back to the "Hannity." Hillary Clinton refuses to accept the fact that she lost the election to President Trump. In an interview with NPR Clinton said that she won't rule out contesting the election and the election results if there is actual proof of so called Russia election interference.
This is the exact opposite of what Clinton tweeted about Donald Trump last October. Remember she tweeted this, quote, "Donald Trump refused to say that he'd respect the results of the election. That's a direct threat to our democracy."
Here now, former Obama economic, Austan Goolsbee. All right, so the media in all the conspiracy theorists on these other cable channels in "The New York Times" and "Washington Post," they've been telling us Russia, Russia, Russia. You follow the news as closely as anybody I know, Austan. Can you name one piece of evidence that we have of Trump-Russia collusion in the election?
OK, I will help you out. Can you name any specific evidence that has been cited of Trump campaign and Russia collusion in the election or the DNC emails or the DNC emails, the John Podesta emails? Do you have any evidence of it at all that you can --
No, no, no, no. Give me a little meat on a bone.
All right, that is evidence of collusion, that's evidence of collusion. Here's the question I have, when a DNC paid staffer met with the Ukrainian embassy -- with the Ukrainian ambassador at the embassy and then reported back to the DNC and reported back to Hillary Clinton's campaign, is that worse than what you are saying is the little tiny meat on the bone? What you are giving me is maybe a morsel --
Oh, you don't want to talk about it.
Excuse me, they were. They actually leaked information to try and hurt Donald Trump during the election, and the DNC paid staffer met with the Ukrainian ambassador.
Tell me what the crime is.
You and I are running against each other for president. Let's make everyone laugh for a second.
Something that will never happen. Plus, I would win.
If you consider losing lucky, that's fine. I'm OK with that. But we are running against each other for president. And all of a sudden somebody tells me I've got information that you need to know about Austan Goolsbee that is going to impact this election and the American people to know. Is there any crime if I meet with him and try to find out what they had?
Where would the crime be?
You're going to call the FBI, and you're not going to listen?
There's no crime in listening to anybody. And you know who I would cite as my source? I'm going to cite Alan Dershowitz. Is Alan Dershowitz liberal enough for you? Yes, he is. He's right there with you. He's kind of close liberal with you.
He agrees with me.
Austan, we don't have a constitutional crisis, and after everybody in the country for a year, even Comey and Clapper and Brennan and everybody in the intelligence community said there's no evidence but there is smoke. After a year of smoke, give me some meat on the bone or it's got to go away. This is a distraction and an attempt to delegitimize a duly elected president. And you should be asking your side to knock it off because it's hurting the country.
Half. I'd win if it's you versus me it's over. I'm going to win because you supported Obama's failed economic agenda, 13 million more Americans on food stamps, 8 million more in poverty, lowest labor participation rate under you.
Yes, Donald Trump. Thank God.
When we come back, the Emmys take a hard left turn last night with the onslaught of Trump bashing. It's like they are like drug addicts. They're addicted to it. Country music legends Big and Rich weigh in on that. And I have an announcement coming at the end of the show that I want to share with you straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So at the Emmys last night, Hollywood liberals, they took a lot of cheap shots at the president. Here with reaction in studio, and their new CD out, country music legends, superstars, Big Kenny and John Rich, otherwise known as Big and Rich. They also have their album that's out "Did It for the Party." And California is your top-selling signal. How are you doing, man?
Kenny, did you know that he writes liners for my radio show customer
Firing torpedoes of truth against a wall of lies.
I've never got another line. That was five years ago.
Any time you hang out with John Rich, you're going to smoke a good cigar and drink Crown Royal, which I would rather -- to me it's like your worst medicine.
I love granny.
She's got to proud. And you come from a background, your dad was a preacher.
I think holy --
That song, when I saw the video, it became instantly one of my favorite videos.
You say come on up if you are active duty?
I have one question, big Kenny. He and I, we battle politics like day and night. You are not as political.
You were with us in April 15th of 2010 in Atlanta. There was 30,000 people there. And that was the start of the Tea Party rally. You sang on stage. It was rocking, a really fun time. And you guys have got to love that because it becomes alive. And I've always thought you watch people sing your song words back to you, how cool is that?
In Georgia?
Sorry.
This is what I think is a great artist. You have serious, rocking fun, people dancing all over the place. Just take everybody with a range of emotions. You fight. You fall in love. You get divorced. You fall in love. You rekindle the relationship.
When you had your baby?
You seen me sing "The Devil Went Down to Georgia" with Charlie.
Wow, I'm going to throw my football.
All right, you know what, I break everything in the studio. That thing over there is like $400 million.
Anyway, the CD is phenomenal. You guys are going to be on tour all over the country. And I love you guys. Awesome music. I've been a fan forever. You touch people's hearts and souls and that's what I love about what music does. You can't teach me how to sing, right?
I've been out with him, 6:00 in the morning. It's not good. I've done it twice.
When we come back, big announcement about this show, and they are dying to hear it. They don't even know what it is, straight ahead.
Welcome back to the Fox News Channel. Now, we do have a big announcement. Starting Monday, September the 25th, we are going to be moving to 9 p.m. Eastern, back where we started, and we are very happy about it.
By the way, all my career I've started out behind the eight ball. In the month of August, for example, we were number two in cable because for some bizarre reason conspiracy theory TV is working right now. But with your help and if you help us spread the word, give us a little time, we are planning on being number one with your help.
We also really want to congratulate our good friend of the program, Laura Ingraham. She is going to be taking over the 10 p.m. at the end of October. And as I wrote on Twitter earlier today, when you really think about it, I never expected that I would be the bridge between two generations of the Fox News Channel. This is the next generation, and now we've had some changes obviously. Greta and Bill and Megan have all left. I'm glad to be back in my own time slot. It all starts next Monday. And we are very proud of Tucker, Martha, and of course now Laura. We will see you Monday, Monday night at 9.
Anyway, we will always be fair and balanced. Thanks for being with us. We will see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 61  ***************************************************
 And is it now a two-man race between Donald Trump and Senator Ted Cruz for the GOP nomination? Laura Ingraham and Monica Crowley weigh in.
Then, two filmmakers will expose exactly who the anti-Trump left- wing agitators are, including Bill Ayers, the unrepentant terrorist.
All of that, plus Rudy Giuliani joins us in studio with an analysis of the 2016 race.
"Hannity" starts right here, right now.
And welcome to "Hannity." So the Washington Post editorial board is now jumping on the bandwagon, trying to stop Donald Trump from winning the Republican nomination. Now, the editorial board has put out an op-ed with the headline, quote, "To defend our democracy against Trump, the GOP must aim for a brokered convention."
Now, Donald Trump is confident that he'll wrap up the nomination before the convention, but issued a warning to the Republican establishment yesterday. Take a look.
All right, joining us now with reaction, author of "Duplicity," former speaker of the House and FOX News contributor Newt Gingrich.
Yes. And then you have John Boehner. He's supporting -- he said, Well, anybody can be nominated on the convention floor. He wants Paul Ryan. He called Ted Cruz Lucifer. So a lot of the establishment is...
Well, I mean, you can't make -- I'm glad it amuses you, but...
A bad day for who? For who, John?
OK. A bad day for him. But there's more than that. You got these meetings that we keep reading about. There was a meeting in Washington today. Our mutual friend, Erick Erickson, was among the people there. We've heard from Ben Sasses, the senator. He won't vote for Trump.
And then you have this -- let me play this for you. You have Curly Haugland from North Dakota said, We choose the nominee, not the people. Not the people. Watch this.
You know, how do you think the average person feels hearing that from an establishment type?
I totally agree with that analysis. I think you said it very measured. There are only two people left that have a path to the nomination. And right now, my delegate count is Trump is anywhere between 673, where Bloomberg has it, and 690, Ted Cruz between 411 and 420.
So it's a much harder path for Senator Cruz. But mathematically, he's in this. So -- but I sense that a lot of these people don't like either Trump or Cruz. And isn't the reason that John Kasich is staying in, and Mitt Romney is supporting Kasich in Ohio and Rubio in Florida with robocalls, is because they want this brokered convention, hoping that they'll get to the fifth round of voting and they'll have a consensus candidate that they can put upon the people in spite of their voting?
Go ahead. Go ahead!
I said that the other night. I said the one big story that came out of Tuesday night -- mathematically it's over, and the establishment lost because -- and I would argue they're both insurgent candidates coming from very different points of view.
You know, let me ask this because opposition -- we know the -- I love your smile. OK. It's not a setup question.
OK. So you have two wings that are attacking Trump. You got the establishment wing that hates him. You've got the Ted Cruz-supporting conservative wing that doesn't like him. And some are saying Never Trump. I'm saying Never Hillary. That's my point of view.
So you know, is it that some conservatives -- because I've interviewed him a lot. He said he will eliminate ObamaCare. Health care savings accounts would replace it. It's up on his website. He said that he'd build a wall, and I get the sense he's serious, he's actually going to put the wall up. He said he even likes the penny plan and balanced budgets. He said he's going to give education back to the states, all conservative positions, and he said he would support Supreme Court nominees like Scalia and Thomas.
Why do people -- even though he says this, there is deep suspicion. Why do you think that is? Is it earned because he was a New York businessman?
OK, so the next logical question is -- and to add to his list of what he tells me in interviews -- and you know, after he says it 15 times, I tend to believe that they're serious. He says he's pro-life, pro-Second Amendment. He has a right to carry, for example, in New York City, very hard to get. So some people may doubt him for the reasons you discuss.
Do you believe him? Do you think he would govern in the way -- in the -- in the outline of what he's promising?
Next question...
Could that Reagan coalition that Cruz is trying to put together -- could that be put back together, or has the country moved on? Has the country shifted, demographics shifted?
I think extraordinarily well said. And I think a lot of people are going to have some soul searching to do because there's a lot of anger and emotion flying out there, and all you need to do is look at social media and you'll see it. And at the end of the day, if people don't unite, Hillary has a path then to the White House, which wouldn't be good for the country.
All right, I have a very important question for you when we get back. We'll continue with Newt Gingrich right after the break. And he'll also react to a new report that powerful liberals and left-wing groups are now planning to try and take down not only Trump but make this a long, hot spring and summer.
And then later tonight...
So are Republicans really headed for a contested convention? We'll check in with Laura Ingraham and Monica Crowley. They'll have reaction.
And watch this...
Two filmmakers infiltrate the radical agitators from last week's Chicago protest, including an interview with Bill Ayers, Obama's unrepentant terrorist friend, straight ahead tonight.
All right, a lot of left-wing disrupters caused all kinds of chaos last week in Chicago outside a venue where Donald Trump was supposed to hold a rally. Now, two filmmakers who shot that video are going to help expose who those people really are. That's later tonight, including, by the way, an interview they had with Bill Ayers. But according to Politico, big-wig liberals and left-wing politicians and political groups are coming together to plan an all-out assault against Donald Trump.
We continue with former speaker of the house, FOX News contributor Newt Gingrich. All right, this is now well funded. It's Moveon.org. It's Black Lives Matter. It's going to be, according to protesters in their own words, it's going to be a very ugly spring and summer. How should Republicans handle that?
Well, it doesn't help when somebody charges at a presidential candidate and is only charged with a misdemeanor and released two hours after they literally were racing to attack a candidate.
Let me -- let me ask -- I think this is an important question. All right, so we're down to two candidates on the Republican side. If you look at those two, is it better that they join forces? Is it better that they pick somebody like John Kasich? Would it be better to lay out an agenda, a positive, forward-looking agenda? You laid out the "Contract With America." I've always liked the idea of duplicating it. Nobody in Washington ever listens to little old me.
But would that be a wise thing to do?
Why are you -- why the laughter?
No, but they...
The establishment doesn't like me in Washington. John Boehner didn't like me.
Go ahead.
That's a big assumption.
I agree.
... told me this back in January, and I've seen nothing yet.
All right, you are on top of your game, as usual. Mr. Speaker, thanks so much for being with us. Appreciate it.
And coming up next tonight on this busy news night on "Hannity"...
So could Republicans be headed for a contested convention? We'll check in with Laura Ingraham and Monica Crowley. They'll react.
Also tonight, coming up...
You don't want to miss this. Two filmmakers take you inside last week's Chicago protests. They unmask who these left-wing agitators are, by the way, including Bill Ayers in an interview they did with him.
All of that, plus Rudy Giuliani is here to weigh in on the 2016 race. Stay with us.
All right, in my opinion -- I've been saying this for a while -- it's a two-man race, and I think a contested convention would be a disaster for the Republican Party.
Here with reaction, the editor-in-chief of Lifezette.com, FOX News contributor Laura Ingraham, and FOX News contributor Monica Crowley.
Laura, I don't see any good out of a contested convention that clearly the establishment wants, knowing they hate both Cruz and Trump.
Do you think that's plausible, though?
Is that plausible, Laura? Because I've interviewed both. They're really throwing bombs at each other right. It seems intense. It seems real. They're both fighting. No, it's not -- it wouldn't be unprecedented for them to join forces at some point.
Yes. Right.
By the way...
There's no perfect candidate. By the way, good thing you were on there because you all made us look better.
Monica Crowley, weigh in on this. What are your thoughts?
All right, then let me ask you...
All right, then let me ask you both. Laura, I'll start with you. So you know that there have been these meetings -- Sea Island, Georgia, Meg Whitman out in California. Earlier today...
Yes, it's all secretive, all with millions and billionaires. Apparently, there's a lot of people with money to throw around. I just don't know any of them -- Erick Erickson, who's a friend of mine, today, you know, Ben Sasse is another one.
What do you make of those people -- remember, there's a big deal that Donald Trump had to take the pledge that he'd support the eventual nominee, they didn't want him running third party, but now it seems like some are backtracking on that pledge.
What do you think of conservatives that are saying, Oh, they're going to back out?
Right, but why do some conservatives not believe what Trump says? In other words, Trump, what he says on the border, Trump on health care savings accounts, Trump on the penny plan, Trump on conservative justices, why don't they believe him? Is it they just don't want to hear him or they just think that past as a businessman is too risky to overcome?
Well said. Monica, last word.
I can only ask him the same questions so many times, and he keeps giving the same answers, but regardless of what he says, some people refuse to listen or believe it. Guys, good to see you both, appreciate it.
I spoke with RNC Chairman Reince Priebus last night about the possibility of a contested convention in July. Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani will join us with reaction.
And also tonight --
Two filmmakers in the middle of last week's protest in Chicago, they infiltrated it outside the venue where Donald Trump was supposed to have a rally. They are here with exclusive video including their interview with Bill Ayers, remember, the unrepentant domestic terrorist, Obama's friend? As HANNITY continues.
That was RNC Chairman Reince Priebus on the show last night talking about the possibility of a contested convention come July. I think it would be a disaster. What does former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani think? He's with us. How are you? Mr. Mayor, good to see you.
I think any effort, like, for example, I love John Kasich. He's a friend and a colleague. He did a great job in D.C., a great job as governor, but he has no path to the nomination.
And he's staying in, I don't know why. But it seems like there are a lot of people that are hoping they can rip this away from Trump or rip this away from Cruz if Cruz catches up.
That's 1,237.
More delegates.
I wondered what that smoke filled room looked like at the time.
They're disenfranchising all of those people that showed up. My answer is this, for me personally, whoever has the most votes and delegates, and I've been fair to all the candidates, giving them a lot of time.
I'm going with the person with the most votes and delegates because that's who the people decided.
Why do you think that?
Knuckle, curve, slider.
You've known him for years. If he does win, what kind of president would he be?
Good father.
Could he win New York?
So New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania?
Bitter people clinging to their religion and guns, remember?
Who would you like, top of your head, put you on the spot.
Kasich. All right, Mr. Mayor.
And Hillary, she's a flawed candidate. She might be indicted. Maybe you'll be the next attorney general. You can prosecute the case.
All right, Mr. Mayor, good to see you.
And coming up next tonight right here on HANNITY --
Remember that guy, unrepentant domestic terrorist, friend of Obama, Bill Ayers. Those agitators were out in full force in Chicago last weekend. The two filmmakers who infiltrated that group and recorded the video you just saw will join us next and we will show you more of that straight ahead.
Welcome back to HANNITY. So last woke, a huge group of leftwing agitators disrupted a planned Donald Trump rally, as you know, in Chicago, Illinois. That event was later canceled due to security concerns. Amid the chaos two brave filmmakers from the RebelPundit.com went and shot video of the protest and even spoke with the unrepentant terrorist friend of Barack Obama Bill Ayers. Take a look.
Joining us now, those two filmmakers from the Rebel Pundit, Andrew Marcus and Jeremy Segal. Guys, good to see you. Andrew, let me start with you. So they look like angry leftists. Then of course there is the unrepentant domestic terrorist, Bill Ayers, Obama's buddy there. We'll get to that in a second. What did you gather listening to them when you're there?
And Jeremy, so you have Obama's radical friend, and you have Black Lives Matter. And you have MoveOn.org and all these groups. So what they really want to do is like what liberals have often done, and that is silence conservative voices and take away the opportunity of people that want to hear from a presidential candidate. What you are your other observations?
So you interviewed Ayers for six minutes. What did you take away from the unrepentant domestic terrorist, part of the Weather Underground, he started his campaign in this idiot's house? This guy should be in jail for the rest of his life. But a group that bombed the Pentagon, the capitol, New York City Police headquarters, and of all days was quoted on September 11th, 2001, the morning before 9/11 hit, "I wish I did more. We didn't do enough." What do you make of him?
I want to give both of you a lot of credit. It took a lot of guts to infiltrate that group. And thank you for sharing the video. As you pointed out, Gatewaypundit.com, your website. I'll put it on my website. Thank you for sharing that with us, appreciate it.
And coming up, we need your help. A very important "Question of the Day" as we continue straight ahead.
And time for our "Question of the Day." So do you think a contested convention will help or damage the Republican Party? If they try and take it away from the top vote getter and delegate getter, that's not going to be good. It's going to end very ugly.
We want to know what you think. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
Quick programming note. Be sure to tune in tomorrow night, 10:00 eastern, and I'll be in Phoenix, Arizona, interviewing Texas Senator Ted Cruz for the hours. Remember Tuesday, the winner take all state of Arizona. And then we'll give Donald Trump the hour on Monday. That is tomorrow night at 10:00. Hope you'll join us. Thanks for being with us. We'll see you back here tomorrow.
Content and Programming Copyright 2016 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 62  ***************************************************
 You know, John, it's very interesting because we know that Russia earlier this week said their support -- this was after the chemical attack against men, women and children -- that they said their support for Bashar al Assad was not unconditional. So they kind of distanced themselves a little bit from this attack, or at least attempted to.
We are now getting pictures of the war room inside of Mar-a-Lago from last night, the secure war room that they set up there. And we'll put those up on the screen for our audience.
But there's an interesting back story because the president was dining with the head of China, the premier of China, at the very moment those missiles were in the air. And I'm hearing the president had to lean over and tell him what was going on. Do you know anything about that?
Understood. All right, John, interesting back story. I know you worked a lot of long hours. Thank you for your great coverage.
Joining us now here on "Hannity" live from Washington with the latest intel about these chemical weapons attacks -- that going on in Syria on Tuesday -- Catherine Herridge. Catherine, That's what the latest?
All right, Catherine, when we talk about these air strikes, from what I heard, all 59 Tomahawk missiles -- and remember, they're 18 feet long, 1,000 pounds of ammunition, two feet wide from a range of about what, 600 miles in some cases pinpoint accuracy, all hit their targets.
You know, phenomenal. And they didn't hit those chemical weapons.
That was by design.
That was all by design because that would've carried many miles away. It would've put a lot of people's lives in jeopardy.
And they also -- the Tomahawks -- we'll go through this later in the show -- they fly at low ranges. In other words, they're not that high up in the sky. People, I'm sure, were watching them flying in. Catherine, phenomenal military work and pinpoint accuracy. They deserve our support tonight. We'll show you later in the program how amazing these Tomahawk missiles are.
But now first joining us -- thank you, Catherine -- from the Pentagon with much more, Lucas Tomlinson is with us -- Lucas.
All right, Lucas, thank you for that report. We appreciate it.
Joining us now with much more, the former ambassador to the United Nations, Fox News contributor John Bolton. John, I'm going to have my monologue coming up in the next segment. I delayed it obviously for the breaking news tonight. But one of the things I am interpreting from this -- America is back! If a red line is drawn, there will be action. There's no U.N. approval needed. This is a very different America the world is seeing tonight than they were seeing, say, oh, 27 hours ago.
Listen, I'm certain that Pyongyang, North Korea -- I'm certain that Iran and certainly even Russia got a very different feel for America last night.
What do you make of -- I mean, in your capacity as a former U.N. ambassador, here's the president of the United States. He's having dinner with the premier of China and has to lean over probably during dessert and say, By the way, I probably need to give you a head-up, I just launched a 59 Tomahawk missiles at Syria because they killed innocent men, women and children with chemical weapons. What does that say to China?
You know--
Ambassador, I'm going to play in the next segment comments by President Obama, by Susan Rice, by John Kerry, all saying, Oh, Obama's red line in the sand with Syria -- well, that caused them to eliminate all of their chemical weapons.
They were wrong. They were dead wrong. We saw the impact this past Tuesday, dead children lying in the street and many others suffering and bleeding and dying!
Now, my question is this. What if Obama and Kerry and Susan Rice were as wrong on Iran and the deal that they made and their capacity to make nuclear weapons as they were in Syria and Bashar al Assad and getting rid of chemical weapons?
Yes, they all did.
All right, let me -- last question, Ambassador, because we have this very public posture by Russia, and then we saw Russia pull back a little bit earlier this week when they said their support for Syria was not unconditional. Many ways, it seems like they're doing a little saber- rattling, but behind the scenes, they do not want to take on this issue of Syria and the United States.
Didn't they have the capacity to put up their missile defense system last night and they didn't do it at this very air force base?
But we had a treaty to do that.
All right, Ambassador, very different America than 27 hours ago.
Thank you for being with us. Appreciate it.
And coming up -- last night, the world saw a major difference between leading from behind and leading from the front. That is the subject if tonight's monologue. That's coming up next.
And also tonight--
You hear that? Members of the Obama administration dead wrong when they told you back in 2014 that Bashar al Assad had no longer chemical weapons at his disposal. We'll get reaction tonight from Monica Crowley and Ric Grenell. They weigh in next.
And also tonight, last night's military air strike lasted only several minutes, was completely at successful, pinpoint accuracy. We'll get reaction and understanding of what this Tomahawk missile is capable of with Lieutenant Colonel Oliver North of "War Stories" straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So last night, with air strikes in Syria, President Trump -- he showed you, the American people, and the entire world the difference between leading from behind and leading from out front. In other words, the United States of America is back, and that is tonight's "Opening Monologue."
All right, so in response to the Syrian government using chemical weapons against innocent men, women and children last night, well, President Trump ordered the launch of Tomahawk cruise missiles to destroy the airbase where this attack was carried out from.
Now, in doing so, the commander-in-chief is sending a resounding message to you, the American people, and the entire world, America is back. Syria, North Korea, Iran, Russia, China and the rest of the entire world saw a very different United States of America last night. Instead of weakness, we now have strength. Instead of appeasement, capitulation, we now have decisiveness and leadership. Timidity has been replaced by bold action.
Now, this is a far different cry from that of the Obama administration. You want to see how profound this difference is? Just take a look at Syria. Remember back in 2012 when then president Obama -- remember? He drew the red line in the sand with Syrian President Ashar al Bassad (sic), and this is what he said way back then. Take a look.
All right, as we all know, Assad crossed that line. And what did President Barack Hussein Obama do? Absolutely nothing. And what's even worse, that in 2014, the Obama administration was out there bragging about how they worked with Russia to get rid of all of Syria's chemical weapons. Watch this.
President Obama, John Kerry, Susan Rice all said the same thing, Assad had gotten rid of all his chemical weapons. But guess what? They were all dead wrong! Now, unlike his predecessor, President Trump -- he acted swiftly, decisively to stop the Syrian regime from using chemical weapons ever again.
And by the way, here's our final thought. The Obama administration -- remember the horrible deal they made with Iran? They claimed that, in fact, it'll prevent the rogue regime in Tehran, the mullahs of Tehran, from developing a nuclear weapon. Here's a question to ponder. What if they're wrong about that, like they were wrong about Syria and Assad getting rid of their chemical weapons?
Joining us now with reaction, conservative commentator, our friend, Monica Crowley, former spokesman for the U.S. ambassador to the U.N. Ric Grenell.
Ric, let's just ponder that question for a second. What if they told the world that they drew a red line and they didn't act because Assad got rid of his chemical weapons? What we saw on Tuesday -- they didn't get rid of their chemical weapons. What if the deal they made with Iran that they say will prevent them from getting nuclear weapons -- well, let's say they're wrong there, too, which would not surprise me.
Trust but verify.
And Monica, that's the point. I mean, he said with such certainty, Obama and Kerry and Susan Rice -- they all said with such certainty that, in fact, Assad got rid of all these chemical weapons. And they're bragging about it and they're talking about how their appeasement policies actually worked, and they drew the red line, and they did nothing.
But Monica--
But Monica, think about this. I mean, the media paid very little attention to President Trump meeting with President el-Sisi of Egypt and what a great relationship they seem to have, or King Abdullah of Jordan just this week and what a great relationship they seem to have. That's when he made his statement that this crossed many, many red lines.
And add to that meeting the crown prince, a reset of the relationship with Prime Minister Netanyahu, and this emerging alliance against Iranian hegemony in the region, they're -- this is a very different world order emerging, where it seems to be the North Koreans, the Iranians, the Syrians and Russia isolated from the rest of the world!
Great point, and--
Ric, we have about 15 minutes. In many ways, I think this new alliance was created by Obama making this horrific Iranian deal.
Well, I think -- I think this new alliance in many ways created by Obama's weakness, and I think the new president certainly has an opportunity here that may not have existed for decades. But I appreciate both of you being with us.
And up next on this busy Friday news night tonight here on "Hannity"--
President Trump explaining his decision to launch air strikes in Syria. Coming up next, Lieutenant Colonel Oliver North. He's going to explain in great detail how effective this military operation was executed. He'll explain how the Tomahawks work in detail.
And then later, U.N. ambassador to -- U.S. ambassador to the U.N., Nikki Haley, isn't mincing words. Sara Carter and former brigadier general Tony Tata are here to weigh in as we continue this Friday night.
That was President Trump last night announcing the U.S. missile strike against a Syrian air base. The U.S. Navy, they launched 60 tomahawk missiles, 59 of the 60 hit the target with only one landing in the sea. The tomahawk missile is a very effective choice for a strike like what we saw last night. It is a precise weapon. It can be fired up to 1,000 miles away.
Joining is now with more is the host of "War Stories," our friend Lieutenant Colonel Oliver North. Colonel, we have the images, 59 out of 60 targets, pinpoint accuracy, all missing on purpose the chemical weapons that were stored at that air base. Tell us more about this incredible weapon and the professionalism of our military.
Colonel, when you look at the accuracy here, they've got 1,000 pounds of munitions, each and every tomahawk missiles 18 feet long, two feet wide, flying at low altitudes, 600-mile attack here, and 59, they took out 20 aircraft in this attack. It is almost precision perfect.
It's amazing the professionalism of these guys. Colonel, do you see any potential response, I don't see it, from either Assad or Russia, although Russia is trying to do a little phony saber rattling as we speak?
Good point.
I'm going to write this down, "chubby little despot."
Colonel, good to see you, my friend. Safe home.
And semper fi, my friend. And a quick programming note, be sure to tune in, "War Stories" hosted by Colonel North this Sunday night on our sister network, the FOX Business Network, starting at 7:00 p.m. eastern.
And coming up next tonight on this busy news night.
The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley issues that very stern warning to Syria after last night's air strike. Sara Carter and former Brigadier General Tony Tata, they are here with reaction.
And also tonight, President Trump scores a major victory after the Senate confirms judge Neil Gorsuch to the U.S. Supreme Court. Ed Henry, Jay Sekulow, they weigh in as we continue.
That was the U.S. ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley earlier today saying the U.S. is prepared to do more in Syria if necessary. After the government of course used chemical weapons against men, women, and innocent children in the wake of last night's military operation, Sara Carter is reporting, quote, "After the U.S. missile strike directly on Syria on Thursday night, U.S. officials confirmed to Circa News that intelligence agencies are watching closely for a possible retaliatory strike by the Lebanon based Hezbollah against U.S. interests overseas."
Sara Carter with Circa News joins us now, as well as the author of "Besieged," retired Brigadier General Tony Tata. Let's start, Sara, with you. Of course whenever military action is used you have got to contemplate what the potential consequences are. But I've got to believe Hezbollah, if they are going work against the United States in their interests, they too know what strike would be coming their way.
Sara, I think what Colonel North is saying is also true, and that is he calls it the troika of Moscow and Damascus and Tehran, that they are very isolated now in the world. We know Iran has been fighting all these proxy wars using groups like Hezbollah and others. But there is the new emerging alliance of the Jordanians, Egyptians, the Saudis and the Israelis to prevent Iranian hegemony in the region, whatever alliance they might have with Russia or Syria and Assad, right?
And Brigadier General Tata, from a military standpoint, it's certainly something that I'm sure --- look, this was perfect precision accuracy, 59 of 60, they all hit their targets. They missed the chemical weapons facility where those weapons were stored. So certainly preparation and contemplation of retaliation was contemplated, right?
How wrong could he have been? They talk about George Bush, we didn't find weapons of mass instruction. He assured us those chemical weapons were gone. Thank you, general. We appreciate it. And as always, Sara, great reporting, we appreciate it. We'll be back, by the way, on Susan Rice next week because I know you've got more information coming out.
And coming up the night, a huge winner for President Trump. America is back. The Senate also confirmed today Judge Neil Gorsuch to the U.S. Supreme Court. We'll get reaction from Ed Henry and Jay Sekulow as "Hannity" continues this busy Friday night.
Vice President Mike Pence making it official. Today the Senate confirmed Judge Neil Gorsuch to the U.S. Supreme Court. Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in on Monday. Joining us now with reaction, from the American Center for Law and Justice Jay Sekulow, the author of a great new book, "42 Faith, The Rest of the Jackie Robinson Story," Fox's own Ed Henry.
Jay, we know this is going to come for the first time in a couple of hundred years. The Democrats for partisan reasons, they filibuster, and to the credit of Mitch McConnell both on Merrick Garland and holding the line and on using the constitutional option, he did his job. I give kudos and praise to the Senate today.
And from 1789 to 1917 we had a simple majority in the Senate. We don't remember that part. That's the interesting historical aspect of this.
Ed Henry let me bring you in here. I know Democrats try to say the Republicans changed things here, but it was really there filibuster that forced the Republicans hand.
You were doing great. It will come back to bite you.
Republicans give them an up or down vote.
Let's gang up on Ed Henry.
But there was no reciprocity. Jay Sekulow, the Republicans allowed Elena Kagan and Sonia Sotomayor and Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
One thing we can agree on with Ed, though, is Ed did write a great book about the faith of Jackie Robinson who was an icon and a man of incredible integrity and courage. So good to see you both. A historic day and a big win for the president today.
All right, we have more "Hannity" right after this quick break, please stay with us.
Welcome back to "Hannity." What a week. Neil Gorsuch on the court, and America is back. We'll have a lot more on Monday. That's unfortunately all the time we have left for this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. Have a great weekend. We'll see you Monday.

show#: 63  ***************************************************
 
show#: 64  ***************************************************
 Now according to Roll Call, McConnell is actually saying that tax reform may have to wait until next year. I don't know about you watching at home, but I've literally had it up to here and beyond with Mitch McConnell. Now, the only thing this guy does is come up with excuse after excuse as to why he can't keep the simple promises that he and others made to you, the American people.
Now, he has said for over seven years he was going to repeal and replace ObamaCare, and then when he gets the chance, he blows it. And now McConnell is saying tax reform will have to wait until 2018? It is beyond unacceptable, and it really shows you why he has the pathetic 18 percent approval record in his home state of Kentucky. Now McConnell is not leading, he's not getting the job done.
So senator, if you don't want to roll up your sleeves, if you don't want to get to work on passing the agenda you promised and the president promised, then maybe it's time to call it a career.
Get out of the way. Let someone else who actually cares about keeping their promises to the American people -- let them step up. Let them start passing legislation.
Now, also tonight, Hillary Clinton released her book. It's called "What Happened." And by the way, it was all smiles earlier today while kicking off the first part of her book tour, signing copies right here in New York City. But tonight, Clinton should be anything but happy because this book -- and the media won't tell you -- is full of nothing but excuses, lies, and to use a phrase, fake news.
Now, crooked Hillary, as the president calls her, is in complete denial about why she actually lost this election. Now, let's take a list (sic) at the long list of Clinton excuses that our colleague and friend, Gregg Jarrett has put together. Look at this. Clinton has up to now given 32 reasons for why she lost. And the list grows and grows and grows, and no person, no thing is spared! Now, Clinton has blamed everyone and everything but herself and her terrible campaign for this defeat.
Now, Gregg Jarrett -- he's going to join us, along with Jay Sekulow with reaction. But instead of writing a tell-all book, Clinton could have saved herself a lot of time and just take a long look in the mirror. But of course, this is Hillary Clinton we're talking about. She'll never pass up an opportunity, A, to make money, and B, cast blame on others.
It's exactly what Hillary Clinton did in an interview with CBS this weekend. Just take a look at this.
Misogyny, the last one. Now, these examples are just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to Clinton blaming others for why it is that she lost. Now, in this new book, Hillary actually criticizes the liberal mainstream media for all the scandals surrounding the Clinton Foundation. Now listen to this.
She's now painting herself as the victim! She's completely out of touch!
Let's set the record straight. Let's give you the truth. She's out of touch with the facts surrounding the Clinton Foundation.
Now, take a look at the side of the screen. The Clinton Foundation took millions and millions of dollars from countries like Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, the UAE and others -- you know, countries that treat women, gays, lesbians, Christians and Jews horribly.
Saudi Arabia -- remember? Women can't drive. They need permission to work or to travel. Marital rape in these countries in many of them is not recognized. If you're gay or lesbian, many of those countries, the punishment is death. And by the way, you're not allowed to build a church or a temple in Saudi Arabia, for example. That would be illegal.
And that's just the one country of the many that the Clintons have taken money from, not to mention all the allegations of pay-to-play at the Clinton Foundation. You may remember back in August of last year when the AP published a story with the headline, quote, "Many donors to Clinton Foundation met with her at State."
And the report details, quote, "More than half the people outside the government who met with Hillary Clinton while she was secretary of state gave money either personally or through companies or groups to the Clinton Foundation." Wow, you donate, and you get a meeting!
And then, of course, the Uranium One deal. As her tenure as secretary of state, Hillary Clinton -- she was one of nine people to approve the transfer of up to 20 percent of America's uranium -- you know, the foundational material for nuclear weapons. To who? Vladimir Putin, the Russians. Wow, there is a real conspiracy.
And then people involved in that deal ended up kicking back as much as $145 million to the Clinton Foundation. Oh, and Bill Clinton doubled his speaking fees in Moscow.
So sorry, Hillary Clinton. The media, Republicans, they're not to blame for all the corruption at the Clinton Foundation, and by the way, you and your husband are.
And next, of course, Hillary's excuse for her email server scandal. In her book, "What Happened," she actually attacks The New York Times -- The New York Times! -- over their coverage, blaming them. Listen to this.
All right, again, let's tell the truth, and let's set the record straight. That's laughable because remember? WikiLeaks exposed The New York Times as only one of the many mainstream media outlets -- interestingly enough, except the Fox News Channel -- that was caught red-handed. They were colluding with the Clinton campaign.
Now, the reason her emails became such a big story is because Clinton broke several laws. Remember? She had secret, top secret, special access program and classified information on her server, you know, the server stored in the bathroom of a mom and pop shop.
The FBI also told us that it's likely that up to five foreign intelligence agencies gained access to every single classified email and every special access program email on that server.
And it even gets worse. Remember Clinton's team deleted 33,000 emails using BleachBit -- in other words, acid wash -- after being served with a congressional subpoena. Now, an aide also smashed those old mobile devices with a hammer. Can't get the emails from there.
And then to top it all off, members of the Clintons' legal team -- remember? They did give the FBI Blackberries, but those Blackberries didn't have SIM cards in them, rendering them meaningless.
Now, there's also the fact that Clinton changed her story and lied every step of the way when it came to her use of a private email server.
Now, this is all pathetic, and Clinton is delusional. The media won't tell you she can't come to grips with the reality she was a terrible candidate -- no message, no vision for the American people. And by the way, she didn't even bother to campaign in swing states like Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania. Unbelievable.
Joining us now with reaction, editor-in-chief, Lifezette, FOX News contributor, nationally syndicated radio host Laura Ingraham. You're laughing.
No, it's just a -- but it's all a lie! She's now making money off a bunch of suckers that are buying a book that's full of lies and fake news.
I think she believes it.
Yes!
It was creepy. He was within 10 feet of her.
All right, let me ask you this because Mitch McConnell said our expectations have been really, really high, that after, you know, begging for the House, the Senate and the White House...
... that you know, after -- and after seven-and-a-half years expecting health care, that was really unfair of us to expect the job done. Now he's saying the tax bill may go into next year. Now, my first reaction is one of anger and feeling of betrayal.
Exactly.
You know, Kennedy did it and Reagan did it. When Reagan when from 70 to 28 percent top marginal tax rate in his years as president, revenues doubled and we created 20 million new jobs. If we go from the highest corporate tax cut -- corporate tax rate in the industrialized world to the lowest, if we go for a middle class cut, repatriation of multi- nationals, seven brackets to three, and then add energy jobs, we can have that success and more.
Laura Ingraham, good to see you. Thank you.
When we come back -- is Hillary Clinton in legal jeopardy? Is James Comey in legal jeopardy? We'll check in with our own Gregg Jarrett, Jay Sekulow. They're next. And Ollie North and much more tonight on "Hannity."
Welcome back to "Hannity." So in her new book, "What Happened," Hillary Clinton takes shots at all the people she blamed for her embarrassing 2016 presidential election loss, including the former FBI director, James Comey, who I argue had the fix in. Listen to this.
Here with reaction from the American Center for Law and Justice, the chief counsel and also the president's attorney, Jay Sekulow, and Fox News anchor, attorney Gregg Jarrett.
All right, Jay, I'm going to start with you tonight. We had the issue of the Records Act. We also have the issue of 18 USC I believe 793. Correct me if I'm wrong. What about the Hatch Act? Because I'm getting all these rumblings that Comey's in real legal trouble now. Any truth to that?
And I've got to believe now this is going to happen. And I also think, Gregg, that the door has been opened in a lot of ways because the fix was in. That means the attorney general now can begin his own investigation anew. We know she violated the law! You know, we also know the leakers are violating laws. We know -- hear Jay saying Comey potentially violated laws. Debbie Wasserman Schultz is in trouble. Uranium One is a big issue.
And what's frustrating is there's no evidence on Russia, but none of these things get investigated. And if we're going to have equal justice under the law in this country, doesn't that have to happen?
It's a charade and it's a sham, and in light -- you know, I honestly think, Jay, we're the only ones that point out the specific laws that she broke. We know mishandling of classified information happened. We know obstruction. Nobody gets to delete e-mails. Bleach -- use BleachBit and acid wash and then destroy Blackberries and iPhones. If any of us did that, we'd be in trouble. I would be asking both of you to come to jail and visit me!
All right, last question...
So what I want to know is where is the scope as it relates to the Trump-Russia collusion, no evidence story? Dana Rohrabacher meets with Julian Assange, Gregg, Julian Assange, the one guy that knows where the information came from, the DNC e-mails, et cetera.
He doesn't want to talk to them, and they keep expanding out the investigation. And in that sense, this is -- there's something radically wrong. And then they had Comey getting his best friend on purpose by leaking to The New York Times.
33.
All right...
It's unbelievable. All right, guys, thank you both for being with us.
When we come back, somebody who does know the Clintons really well, former Arkansas governor, presidential candidate Mike Huckabee as we continue tonight right here on "Hannity."
Welcome back to "Hannity." So Hillary Clinton has a lot of excuses for why she lost in 2016 in the presidential election. In a brand new book "What Happened" Clinton details some of those excuses, including the controversy over her private server which, according to Clinton, was just a dumb scandal driven by partisan politics like she told Ed Henry. Did I clean it with like a cloth? Watch this.
Joining us now Fox News contributor, former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee. One of the things we're talking about tonight, governor, is equal justice under the law. All right, so if you have equal justice under the law, you don't get to have a private server. That was wrong. Mishandling is a crime. Deleting classified top secret special access program information, that's a crime. BleachBit, acid wash, banging out with hammers, phones, and BlackBerries, that would seem like obstruction. You know the Clintons well. It doesn't seem like something to be sorry for, and five foreign intelligence agencies got the information.
Governor, I want to move on to another issue. We've been talking about this a lot. I want to move on to the agenda of the president. And I'm arguing republics don't have an identity anymore. And Mitch McConnell says, well, there's been excessive expectations when people thought that if they got the House and they got the Senate and they got the White House and they got a president that wanted to repeal and replace Obamacare that after eight months they might have the job done, but he says our expectations were out of whack. Now he's actually saying that the tax bill might slip into next year.
You know, besides raising my blood pressure and wanting to go apoplectic over this, I'm thinking if you can't get the job done, go get out of the way. Let's let somebody who can get the job done. Do I have excessive expectations?
Governor, it's not that hard --
I agree with you. So seven brackets to three, middle class tax cuts, corporate tax cut, and repatriation and energy independence, I'm not asking for too much. I'm just asking for what Reagan did that created 20 million new jobs. I don't think that's that hard.
And when Mitch McConnell interjects himself in a primary of Alabama, and the people in Alabama, the latest poll shows 52 percent Roy Moore, and Luther Strange is at 35 or 36 percent, that says a lot, doesn't it. And he's at 18 percent approval rating in the state of Kentucky.
I don't want any more members of the club, the Senate dining room, the Senate barber shop, the Senate workout room. How about the Senate work for the people room. Let's have one of those rooms. All right, good to see you, governor. Thank you.
When we come back, the U.N. approves tough new sanctions against North Korea. Colonel Oliver North is here to discuss. There's no good options there, straight ahead.
That was the president earlier today saying the unanimous decision by the U.N. Security Council yesterday to place new sanctions on North Korea, they're only the beginning. The new sanctions, they did stop short of the Trump administration's tougher stance which was to ban all oil imports and freeze the international assets of leader Kim Jong-un.
Here with reaction, the host of "War Stories," Lieutenant Colonel Oliver North. I think now Kim Jong-un has sufficiently garnered the attention of the entire world. Bannon was on "60 Minutes" on Sunday, and I think, yes, I think the biggest key besides incinerating this place, which it could come to, would be for China to step up considering that's their region of the world. Is China capable of finally cutting the cord there?
Nobody knows what you're talking about.
Nobody knows. He was homeless in a hurricane, though. I'll put it that way.
No problem.
Go ahead. Well, if he's going to put -- you go first, colonel. Yes, sir.
Look, he's had little fear firing over Japan, and he's threatening Guam. I would argue the next time he fires a missile or even puts one on a launch pad we really don't have a choice. Don't we have to take it out to send the loudest message?
They'll be incinerated.
All right, Colonel, safe home, sir. Thank you.
Quick programming note. You can watch Colonel Oliver North, "War Stories," on the FOX Business Network, our sister station.
When we come back, a new study reveals how bias the liberal media coverage of President Trump is. It is so over the top. Monica Crowley will join us. And Tomi Lahren gets the final word later tonight, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." A new study from the Media Research Center proves what we've been saying all along. The mainstream establishment liberal media, they are out to take down President Trump. The study tracked the broadcast evening newscast from this summer, three major networks, ABC, CBS, NBC, and they found a staggering 91 percent of their coverage of the president was negative. Wow. Joining us now with reaction, conservative commentator Monica Crowley is back with us. Ninety- one percent, I don't think it can get worse.
Have you ever watched or read in The New York Times, The Washington Post, or any of these other cable channels or the networks, you know, we try to talk about solutions on this program. We give very special examples on the economy. We go over on a regular basis the economic plan to help the people you're talking about, forgotten men and women in poverty, food stamps, out of work, can't but a house. We talk about solutions for the budget, we talk about solutions to grow the economy, create jobs, energy, secure the border, national defense, identifying enemies. When do they ever, because I don't see it, talk about how to help people or offering ideas that help people?
And they had no criticism over the hurricanes in Texas or Florida. Monica Crowley, thank you for being with us.
When we come back, Tomi Lahren, our newest arrival here at the Fox News Channel, gets the final word on Hillary Clinton's new book, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Social media sensation, Fox News contributor Tomi Lahren has the final word tonight. Tomi?
All right, Tomi, as always, thank you.
And that is all the time we have left this evening. We hope you'll set your DVR so you never miss an episode. Remember, we will never be the establishment, destroy-Trump media. We're fair, we're balanced, we're glad you're with us, and we'll see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 65  ***************************************************
 
show#: 66  ***************************************************
 Now, NBC is also quoting the Russian lawyer as saying, quote, "I never had any damaging or sensitive information about Hillary Clinton. It was never my intention to have that." And in a previous statement, Donald Trump Jr. said the same thing, that the lawyer never produced solid information about Hillary Clinton. In fact, he says she didn't even really make sense when talking about Clinton.
And it's worth noting, by the way, that President Trump's legal team pointed out that they think the whole meeting could have been a setup that was made to look like potential Russia collusion. Now, the legal team also says that this Russian lawyer is connected to Fusion GPS, which is the opposition research firm that produced the discredited Christopher Steele dossier on Donald Trump.
And by the way, as The New York Post has reported, Fusion GPS has several ties to the Democrats, including Clinton allies and even Planned Parenthood.
So from looking at the facts as we have them, a friend of the Trumps offered to coordinate a meeting to share opposition research on Hillary Clinton, which Donald Trump, Jr., agreed to. Nothing came of it because there was no information exchange. And it ended there.
Democrats, the mainstream media are right now hysterical over the story. By the way, we're glad you're all watching. But they have completely ignored an example of actual election interference, and I would argue probably because it involves a Democrat. So to be fair to you, the American people, tonight -- and we want to be balanced -- we need to point this out.
And the question you people in the media need to start asking yourselves is, why don't you tell the American people every story? For example, back in January, the Politico, hardly members of the right-wing conspiracy, published this explosive report. Quote, "Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump backfire." Now, the report there lays out how a DNC operative and Ukrainian government officials tried to aid and assist Hillary Clinton and damage Donald Trump.
Now, this DNC operative, who according to Politico used to work at the Clinton White House, well, spearheaded this entire effort, including by meeting with Ukrainian officials at the Ukrainian embassy in Washington, D.C., to discuss ways to go after former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Now, this operative even told Politico the Ukraine diplomats were, quote, "helpful" in tracking leads.
And then there's this bombshell. Quote, "She occasionally shared her findings with officials from the DNC and Clinton's campaign." And on top of all of that, the operative claims that she gave guidance and off the record information to, quote, a lot of journalists who were writing about Paul Manafort and Donald Trump's potential ties to Russia."
Now that you, our audience, have evidence from both sides, you got to decide for yourself. We report, you decide. What's worse? And I'll pose this question to everybody in the media that's forced to tune in tonight. Which is worse? Why haven't you covered that story? And better yet, well, why didn't news organizations extensively report on Ukrainian collusion? Now, Politico -- they did all the heavy lifting for you. All you had to do was follow up.
Is it because many of the so-called top news organizations in this country exposed before the election as having colluded with the Clinton campaign? Remember WikiLeaks? And if you're interested, really interested in election interference, why didn't you care that a congressional investigation found in 2014 an Israeli political group used a $300,000 Obama State Department grant to create a political apparatus to try and defeat our ally, our friend, the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu? Or how about the WikiLeaks email that shows a Clinton a campaign ad talking about how a Chinese ambassador wanted to have a private off-the- record meeting?
So in other words, do you members of this corrupt media, do you even know about these stories? And by the way, since you are so interested in prosecuting people and accusing them of crimes, well, let's talk about real crimes that have been committed that you in the media so often ignore.
Hillary Clinton -- let's see. We know she mishandled and destroyed top secret special access program classified government information. But what about a real Russian collusion conspiracy? That's the Uranium One deal. Remember, as secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, she signed off on giving up to 20 percent of America's uranium to Vladimir Putin and the Russians. And all those people in the deal? Well, they kicked back over $100 million to the Clinton Foundation. And by the way, Bill Clinton doubled his speaking fees in Moscow.
And let's not forget the Clinton Foundation. They took millions of dollars from countries that have the most atrocious human rights records.
And how about a Senate report showing that the Trump administration has had to deal -- since he took office, the president --with 125 deep state leaks in 126 days, which, by the way, are all likely felonies and happened at a rate which is seven times greater than the previous two administrations.
What about Lieutenant General Michael Flynn? You all followed the story. Have you been reporting on the fact that he was unmasked and that intel, raw intelligence, was leaked to the press? Well, that would be a crime.
Then there's James Comey, a report from The Hill saying that four of Comey's seven memos contained classified information and that the considers the memos to be government property, meaning that Comey may have committed two felonies, broken the law, removing those files from the FBI.
Now, I'll end it on this note to the mainstream media. You have zero credibility left. You have been caught time and time again spreading fake news stories -- you'll be critical of all my interviews -- and you carry out your personal attacks against the president, against his family and anybody that dares to be associated with the president.
By the way, here's just one minor small example. Liberal Joe, NBC -- what has he called the president of the United States? A schmuck, a goon, a thug, mentally unhinged. And then the president fights back a little and you in the mainstream media, are you proud of how NBC News handles things, or CNN? My guess is you probably have defended all this.
Since, really, the media in America today, we have an information crisis -- overpaid, lazy, rigid left-wing ideologues. But that's for another night.
Tonight, we have Donald Trump, Jr. We will ask him every single question I can think of on this topic.
Don Jr., good to see you. Welcome back.
Appreciate it.
I've been told that before, but they're highly rated opening monologues...
... and I figured while I have a captive audience, I wanted to get my points out to them.
Let's start with the emails. Let's start with the first email. First of all, let's talk about, who is Rob Goldstone?
All right. So do you know ...
With him. OK. So he sends you this email. We'll put it back up on the screen, and give you a chance to look at this. This is the one that says the crown prosecutor of Russia met with his father, meaning Emin's father, and in their meeting, offered to provide the Trump campaign with documents, information that could incriminate Hillary Clinton, et cetera. Obviously, highly sensitive information. But it's part of Russia and its government's support of Mr. Trump. And then they ask the best way to handle this.
This email comes in. What are you thinking?
OK. When you read the parts about the Russian government, or Russia supporting your father, did that put off any sirens in your head?
All right. So you spent a lot of time talking about, and you actually said at one point that, Hey, if it turns out to say what you say it is...
What did you think it might be?
What about the timeline of this? This is pre, for example, WikiLeaks and the DNC emails...
Right. What did you know about Emin -- Emin's father? What did you know about them from Moscow? Was it just the pageant you met them at and the Doral concert...
What do you know about this Russian lawyer? What did you, at the time, if anything ...
At any point, were you told either in a phone conversation or otherwise, what they might tell you, what Goldstone seemed to be implying you would receive?
Let's go into the meeting.
All right. So you meet at Trump Tower.
OK, the meeting was described earlier today on "The Today" show.
Did she describe it accurately?
Did you even know what the Magnitsky Act was?
Well, she said that, yes.
Well, and he did say -- at the end of your statement today, you did point out, as Goldstone said today, the entire meeting was the most inane nonsense I've ever heard. And I'm actually, you know, agitated by it.
And he called -- he called and apologized to you?
So she is saying that she had no information to provide. Do you remember what she suggested, that you were pressing her a little bit for information?
Did you ever have any contact with this woman again?
Did you ever have any contact with Goldstone again?
Did you ever see Emin again? Except ...
The Doral concert...
OK. So this is a hypothetical. At any point in your mind, did Don, Jr., have a siren saying, OK, they're talking -- again, I go back to the first email about Russia, Russian government, meeting with this person. You were going to talk on the phone. Did you ever think maybe this might not be ...
OK, let me -- let me ask a hypothetical. And I know (ph) hypotheticals -- maybe you've thought about it since and since this has now become Russia, collusion, Russia collusion and et cetera. Did you ever meet with any other person from Russia that you know?
I mean during the campaign.
Let me play a montage. And these are Democrats attacking you today.
And give you a chance to respond to what they're saying and what the left is saying. I mean, they have taken it to the ultimate extreme. And I'll ask you about some perspective about some of my comments at the beginning of the show. Here's what they're saying.
Schumer's -- did you hand over any and all documents?
But this isn't...
So as far as you know, as far as this incident is concerned, this is all of it?
Was anybody else at any point in the campaign said, Oh, I got information about Hillary, that you remember?
Let me go back to what Tim Kaine said -- well, if it is what you said, you're especially -- you know, we would want it released later in the summer. You think that's unusual for a campaign to want op research? And I'll get to the Ukrainian issue, which I think had been underreported, especially in light of this coverage. But...
The whole contact took how long? How long was the meeting?
About 20 minutes. And Jared left after 5 or 10?
Like she said? And Paul Manafort was on his...
The whole time?
Pretty much.
A lot of people are going to want to know this about your father. Did you tell your father anything about this?
All right. So, we're going to take a break. We'll come back. We'll have more Donald, Jr., -- Donald Trump, Jr., right after the break.
Liberals in the destroy Trump media once again have worked themselves into frenzy. They're frothing at the mouth. News (ph), Donald Trump, Jr., met with a Russian lawyer next (sic) summer. Donald Trump will react -- Donald Trump, Jr., will react next and much more straight ahead tonight on "Hannity."
Welcome back to "Hannity." So shortly after The New York Times broke the report about Donald Trump, Jr.'s, meeting with a Russian lawyer last year, well, the Russia-obsessed media in the country went on the attack. Let's take a look.
And we continue with Donald Trump, Jr.
What's your reaction to that? They're saying you're colluding. It's a -- your reaction.
What about -- anyone on your team -- I guess you have a staff of people that work for you. Did anyone research the lawyer or anybody involved in this?
You didn't know who the woman was?
Were you annoyed when you walked out of the meeting?
Were you annoyed based on...
Let me ask a hypothetical. And I hate hypothetical questions, but I think it's relevant in this case. If the meeting resulted in information that you felt in any way was illegal or compromising or collusion, to use the media's term...
This, as far as you know, are all the emails that exist on this case. And you don't think there's any other one.
All right. And there was no follow-up. I think this is important. No follow-up with any of them?
Never heard from the woman again.
All right. Did you learn about the adoption issue when you were there? Did that...
When we come back, I want to address the media coverage -- the issue of the Ukrainian story that I brought up and whether you think there's a double standard and the treatment of your family by the media. We've got all the tape you'd ever want, and much more. We'll continue with, Don, Jr., on the other side of this break.
And when we come back, we'll ask him about the Trump family, how they feel about the daily attacks against their father and everybody else by the media.
Also tonight, we'll get a legal opinion. Jay Sekulow will weigh in, as well, as we continue.
Welcome back to "Hannity" as we continue our final moments with Donald Trump Jr.
At the beginning, look, this is an opinion show but I wanted to ask every question I could think of regarding this issue. I can't think of anymore, in all honesty. But I did bring up this issue of the Ukrainians working with the DNC and the Hillary Clinton campaign. I also talked about a lot of other issues, the V-15 group that Obama's operatives and taxpayer dollars went to defeat Bibi. If going after foreign countries' elections is so bad -- very little media coverage. Real crimes have been committed in this country. I would argue Hillary Clinton destroying emails, mishandling, destroying them. I would argue Hillary Clinton, the Uranium One deal and the 100 million plus dollars kicked back to her. Comey, we know it's classified information and we know a violation of the Records Act. Loretta Lynch's meeting with Bill Clinton on the tarmac, 125 leaks from the deep state in 126 days. The media that's watching this now never told the American people about the Ukrainian story except for "Politico" to their credit, and a few others, not many. What is your reaction to the double standard?
I agree with you. I think the forgotten men and women is something I talked about last night. Obviously Robert Mueller announced earlier tonight he's going to be looking into it. You said in a tweet you would fully cooperate with any investigation.
Completely.
Turn over everything that they want and you feel you already have.
Yes. And you have nothing to hide. That means you will testify under oath, all of that?
Any other issue? Your sister was attacked. I could play montages of that. Joe Scarborough called your father a schmuck, a goon, a thug. That's NBC's coverage. You've got the severed head issue. You've got, you've been attacked. It seems like one by one, they try to pick off anyone around the president. Why do you think there's this reaction that is almost like there are so many groups so opposing your father, I've never seen it in all the years I've covered politics.
Last question. One of the things you said tonight maybe not be so Trump-ian I guess in a sense, although I do think your father and you are a lot alike, you said in retrospect. Explain that with a little bit more detail.
Don Jr., thanks for coming in.
You answered every question I could think of.
When we come back we'll ge a legal perspective, Jay Sekulow with reaction to our exclusive interview with Donald Trump Jr. as we continue. And Terrence Williams speaks out. He gets the final minute tonight on "Hannity."
Welcome back to "Hannity." That was Donald Trump Jr. from our exclusive interview just moments ago. Here with reaction is one of President Trump's attorneys, he's also the chief counsel for the American Center for Law and Justice Jay Sekulow. General reaction at first.
What about what the Democrats are all saying -- between the media insanity and Democrats this proves collusion and oh, my gosh, again, I will ask you as an attorney. Tell me what laws -- and the second thing is, how is what I said in my opening monologue tonight about Ukraine, about the Russian dossier, Fusion GPS, about influencing the Israeli elections, didn't those things all happen, Jay Sekulow? And nobody talks about any of them. Isn't the Ukraine issue a real meeting, real information, real impact on the campaign?
I never run out of questions on this show. And I felt like I ran out of questions. I just don't know at that point what else he can do. He released the email, answered every question, explained what happened and didn't happen. It seems consistent with what the woman says, the lawyer from Russia, Jared says. I don't know what Manafort was saying. I don't know what there there is, and wouldn't every campaign, if they were told there's information, op research, isn't that what Hillary's campaign, the DNC did with Ukraine?
We will take a quick break. We'll come back. More with Jay Sekulow with reaction to our exclusive interview with Donald Trump Jr.
And you don't want to miss this later tonight --
All right, he gets the last word all week, conservative Twitter and social media sensation Terrence Williams. And we'll get his take on the Democrats obsession with Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia.
So it's being reported tonight -- Donald Trump, by the way, from our exclusive interview tonight. Jay Sekulow, who is with the American Center for Law and Justice, chief counsel, also a counsel for the president.
Here is what the amazing thing -- we've got Ukraine. We've got the Bibi Netanyahu, Obama tried to impact that election. You've got the MI6, the intelligence guy from Great Britain, his dossier. Who paid for that? And then we've got real crimes. For example, do you believe or have any doubt that Hillary Clinton committed crimes, mishandling and destroying classified, top secret special access program information?
And over $100 million gets kicked back to the Clinton Foundation, and she's one of nine people that signed off on a waiver that allows 20 percent of America's uranium potentially to go to Vladimir Putin and Russia. Where I grew up, that's called bribery, pay to play, use whatever phrase you want. Do you doubt that was inappropriate and illegal?
Agreed with that. And then we have got other issues. Then we've got Loretta Lynch, the tarmac meeting, it's a matter, it's not an investigation.
Jonathan Turley, George Washington Law School professor, he agrees with you. He went on to say --
And then he says needs to calm down. Jay Sekulow, thank you, appreciate it.
And up next, we wrap the show with a smile. He gets the last word all week on the program, Terrence Williams. Let's take a little look at what you're getting next.
Conservative social media Twitter sensation Terrence Williams, he gives us a brand-new video. He gets the last word tonight and all week. That's next.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Time once again for conservative Twitter and social media sensation Terrence Williams. He gets tonight and all week, he gets the last word. Watch this.
You just got to love Terrence. You can see them on social media.
That is all the time we have left for this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. We will always be fair and balanced. Stay tuned, a special edition of "The Specialists" coming up next right here tonight on Fox.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 67  ***************************************************
 And Welcome back to "Hannity." Now, that was the president hitting back hard against James Comey's testimony.
Back with us with reaction, Jay Sekulow, Anthony Scaramucci and Gregg Jarrett.
Alan Dershowitz!
If you gave me that answer, you'd never be back on the show! We'd throw you off the show. It's just so pathetic.
All right, Gregg, let me -- let me--
Oh, that I agree. And the president addressed that today. And 80 percent of his time has been used for this. Gregg, what's your take on this in particular?
Oh!
Let me -- let me get in--
Yes, just put it in a private server, right? Yes, and I just happened to delete 30,000 of them. Some included top secret information.
Anthony, the question that was most shouted at the president in the Rose Garden today was, Oh, what about the tapes? And he said, Well, I'll tell you in the very near future. And a lot of you are going to be disappointed in my answer.
My interpretation is, he put out the suggestion, in Comey's mind, Don't lie. And I don't think there's any tapes. Thoughts.
All right, Guys, you've all been amazing, analysis people cannot get anywhere else because the media is so corrupt. They colluded with Hillary. Thank you all.
And when we come back on this busy Friday night news-breaking night tonight on "Hannity"--
One thing that J. Edgar Comey did do is he crushed whatever credibility the media had left yesterday when he declared they get stories wrong often. Geraldo Rivera joins me next, and Lou Dobbs, and much more straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So in a shocking turn of events, one of the biggest losers from yesterday's much-anticipated Comey testimony was the destroy-Trump propaganda media. We're going to break down just how James Comey humiliated the mainstream press and why they are now facing a massive credibility crisis in tonight's mini monologue.
So yesterday, the former FBI director James Comey, J. Edgar Comey, told the Senate Intel Committee that many of the media's Russian collusion stories are just dead wrong. Watch this.
Now after that testimony, even Mr. Thrill up his left Chris Matthews, he himself came to this stunning conclusion. I was even shocked. Take a look.
"Pursuers." Now, the black helicopter crowd, the tinfoil hat Russia conspiracy theories being pushed by the media, the destroy-Trump media, have now come apart at the seams. Now, it's all been wrong. They have been lying to you, the American people. Of course MSNBC was not the only outlet having to backtrack. The Hill is reporting that, quote, "CNN issues correction after Comey's statement contradicts their reporting." And even ABC was also forced to update a story following Comey's remarks.
And then of course, there is the paper of record, so-called paper record, The New York Times. They were singled out yesterday for being flat out wrong, I would argue again. Take a look.
The New York Times are desperately trying to save face, fist issuing a tweet that reads, quote "We are looking into James Comey's statements and we will report back with more information as soon as we can." And then later, publishing a full article entitled "Comey disputes New York Times article about Russia investigation," where they tepidly stood by their reporting and openly wondered why Comey rebuked their coverage. I guess we won't be holding our breath for a full retraction or apology.
So despite some widespread embarrassment for all these people in the destroy-Trump media following the Comey testimony, do think we can ever expect them to stop spreading their fake news? In other words, land the black helicopters and get back to reality? Or will the crisis and credibility continue to grow? Joining us now, Fox news correspondent, Geraldo at large. Geraldo, this is a personal thing for me. I don't think anybody vetted Obama honestly. There were very few of us that thought Trump could win. The media never told the full story on Hillary's emails, the server, never gave the full failed record of Obama, and now this 10 month witch hunt, and they are barely, barely wanting to acknowledge how wrong they have been.
Here is the thing. They are so often wrong, Geraldo. They were wrong on Obama. They were wrong on Hillary. They never did their due diligence on emails and the Uranium One deal, for example. They never did their due diligence, they never thought Trump could win. But think back, they were also wrong on the Zimmerman case, Trayvon Martin. They were wrong about Ferguson in their reporting. They were wrong about Baltimore in their reporting. They have been wrong so often as they advance their political agenda. And by the way, I'm not looking for props being right, but I will say this -- if I get one little itsy-bitsy thing wrong, Geraldo, they are ready to get all out wanting to fire me and I need you protecting me.
Geraldo, thank you. Great analysis, and we appreciate you being here.
When we come back on this busy breaking Friday news night, tonight on "Hannity "--
Even the destroy-Trump-media are begrudgingly now having to admit the Russian collusion narrative that they have been advancing for 10 months actually came apart after Comey's testimony. But they are still going after the president with a vengeance. The RNC chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel and Dr. Gina Loudon, they'll have reaction. And later tonight --
President Trump comes out swinging against the former FBI director. Lou Dobbs is here to weigh in on that and much more, stay with us.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So in his hearing, the fired, disgruntled FBI director James Comey confirmed what I have been saying all along. Your media in this country has been dead wrong and lying to you, the American people, for months about so-called Trump-Russia collusion and their theories. But of course that is not stopping the destroy-Trump-media from going after the commander in chief. Take a look at this.
It is textbook not obstruction of justice. Not at all. They are lying to you.
Joining us now with reaction RNC chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel and psychology expert and TV and radio host Dr. Gina Loudon. Ronna, I'll start with you. It's textbook not obstruction of justice. If we have any felonies committed, it's the person or persons that James Comey protected, like Hillary.
We saw in the poll about the media, 60 percent of Americans don't trust them. Dr. Loudon, great to see you, by the way.
And I think one of the more important aspects here is they were so not prepared for him winning. And I think the president was right today. This whole Russia thing is because he won and they lost and they need excuses. Maybe I will tap in to your psychological mind here and your expertise. This is beyond derangement syndrome. This is an obsession. Waking up, how can we destroy the president?
Dr. Loudon, let me ask this then. We just played for you, for 10 months they have been advancing lies. When I do something wrong, I feel guilty, I feel terrible. They just keep going on with their lying. They don't correct. They don't try to make it right.
Ronna, no wonder they want to destroy, on the left, talk radio and the Fox News Channel. I would argue before the 2018 and 2020 elections because we're it. We are the only ones left telling the truth to the American people at this point. They just lie with regularity.
I promised this audience, just wait. We are going to expose all of this -- every person that has lied to you, we will show you and remind you. Ronna, thank you. Dr. Loudon, always good to see you, thank you.
And coming up on this busy breaking Friday news night tonight on "Hannity "--
The president hammering the former FBI director over his Senate testimony. Lou Dobbs is here with reaction and much more, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So earlier today during a joint press conference with the president of Romania, President Trump slammed the fired, disgruntled FBI director, and that's J. Edgar Comey, over his testimony you know. Take a look.
Joining me now with reaction, the co-author of the brand new novel "Putin's Gambit," from the FOX Business Network, our friend Lou Dobbs is with us. I've watched us and we've been talking about it. When the president speculates -- my buddy Mike Myers goes, obviously he is saying I've got tapes. You better not lie. And the more I think about it, Lou, I actually think Comey and a lot of the things he said yesterday and things that have come out this week. Maybe in the back of his mind he was thinking there's tapes and probably got more truth out of him. That's a brilliant play by Trump and likely nonexistent.
I agree with you. And so much due deference. And then that brings up the issue of what he was saying to the fake news reporter about this whole issue of yes, will you testify before Mueller? Yes, OK. And by the way, this is his word versus my word. I have been shown consistent here and I was proven right on the issue of collusion and corruption, and I was never being investigated and obstruction, and now Comey has been exposed as a leaker. And then then whole Loretta Lynch issue and the Hillary Clinton issue. But I have to tell you something here, this is really important. If he's willing to testify against Comey, then we get back to the legal issues I discussed earlier in this show, what are your thoughts on that?
Lou Dobbs, have a great weekend. Congratulations on the great new book.
When we come back, we need your help, a very important "Question of the Day." But more importantly, the funniest viral video about President Trump and James Comey. You don't want to miss it. That's next straight ahead.
All right, time for our Friday "Question of the Day." So do you think the president was vindicated yesterday? Oh, big time. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, we want to hear from you @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
Now, I saw this on twitter earlier today, a hilarious video about the Comey hearing and President Trump. I loved it. Very funny. Watch this.
It actually goes on a little bit longer. It's on my Twitter account @SeanHannity.
And thank you for being with us. Unfortunately that is all the time we have this evening. We hope you have a great weekend. I know Donald Trump will. We'll see you back here on Monday.

show#: 68  ***************************************************
 And, of course, Kimmel, he was not the only person to extol the virtues of Hollywood's newfound feminist movement. Best actress winner Frances McDormand, she used her acceptance speech to honor women across the industry with a special shout out to crowd favorite Meryl Streep.
Take a look at this.
That's right. Hollywood, follow Meryl Streep's lead and stand up for women. Just like she did with Harvey Weinstein for years, Streep even called Weinstein a god. All while Weinstein's horrific misdeeds were well-known all over town. Watch this.
Apparently, most people knew what god was really like.
Meryl's brave feminist leadership doesn't end there. During a 2003 Oscars, watch Meryl Streep, she stood up enthusiastically cheering for a known pedophile, child rapist by the name of Roman Polanski, you know, the guy who fled to Europe after pleading guilty to giving champagne and Quaaludes to a 13-year-old girl and raping her repeatedly. Oh, he was 43 at the time. Watch this.
A standing ovation for a pedophile, child rapist, one of the loudest applauses in Oscar's history.
Polanski was awarded for an Oscar for best director. But Hollywood's support for Polanski didn't stop with that award and that stirring round of applause that you just heard there. In 2009, after Polanski was arrested in Switzerland and connection to his rape case, over 100 celebrities signed a petition demanding his release. So, don't be fooled by all the empowering rhetoric that you saw at the Oscars.
Hollywood's hypocritical feminist movement is about as laughable and is flawed as Emma Watson's grammatically incorrect Time's Up tattoo, and predictably, by the way, the next blatant double standard from last night's show involves the topic of gun control and, of course, cheap shots at the NRA. Let's take a look.
All right. Let's not forget that while the entertainment industry, all these overpaid actors and actresses are pushing increased government restrictions on your right to bear arms and they are protected by heavily armed personnel -- in a lot of cases, 24/7. This includes last night's Academy Awards, which was safeguarded by over 500 LAPD officers, the LAPD bomb squad, and other federal officials.
So, while Hollywood rejects an increase of armed security presence at our schools, well, they are the ones who enjoy the protection of hundreds of professional trained members of law enforcement that have guns and carry them and had them last night. And while Hollywood makes fun of Americans the ones that want to protect themselves and arm their families, and protect them as well, they are the ones that utilize the services of armed security. Don't our kids in school -- don't they deserve about 1/100th of the security that we have at the Oscars? Half these stars probably wouldn't even show up if there was no protection.
If Hollywood is wondering why the ratings for their biggest award show is in a free fall, perhaps they might want to do a little soul-searching and self-reflection, introspection, Americans don't want to be lectured from hypocrites about women's rights, from a group of people who actively supported monsters like Harvey Weinstein and Roman Polanski. And Americans don't want to hear about responsible gun ownership from a group of people who have never been responsible for their own personal security.
And Americans, sure as hell, they don't want to hear about global warming from a group of people who jet-set around the world on their private jets and want us to stop driving SUVs and Dodge Caravans for our kids.
Maybe at next year's show, the leftist and Hollywood should just leave the politics at the door.
All right. Also new this hour, this is a massive development, all roads in the Russia investigation leading directly back to one person, Hillary Clinton. John Solomon, who will join us tonight, is reporting that the Australian diplomat who helped trigger the start of the Russia investigation has deep connections to Bill and Hillary Clinton. And according to 'The New York Times,' well, Downer is the person, former Trump campaign associate, that George Papadopoulos got drunk without that London nightclub and then started talking about Russia having dirt on Hillary Clinton.
And two months later, Downer then told Australian officials about the conversation who then told American intelligence -- four-way hearsay as my friend Gregg Jarrett says. And Solomon is reporting tonight that Alexander Downer, well, he helped secure $25 million for funding for the Clinton Foundation starting back in 2006.
Bipartisan lawmakers are telling Solomon tonight that Downer's ties to the Clintons were never previously disclosed to Congress. Shocking. And Solomon is also reporting that Downer met with Bill Clinton in '06 and with Hillary Clinton when she was secretary of state in '09.
We did reach out to Hillary Clinton for comment. Shocking, she never got back to us. Her spokesperson did reply to Solomon and said that Hillary was unaware of possible contacts between her campaign and Downer. In a statement that they gave to 'The Hill,' Australian's foreign ministry declined to answer questions about whether Downer had any contact with Clinton associates around the same time we helped start the Russia investigation. This is a big report tonight.
It also takes a lot, by the way, if you start connecting the dots and you could begin to see Clinton has her hands in everything here. All the evidence that was used to start and further the Russia investigation, all came from cronies and associates, whether people that were being paid by the Clintons, or knew the Clintons. On top of Alexander Downer, we have Clinton paying over $10 million to fund this dossier that we now know is full of Russian and Russian government lies. The FBI then takes the unverified dossier, going against their own protocols, they lied to a FISA judge about who paid for it, they hide that important fact, to get the warrant to spy on Trump campaign associate Carter Page, who is sitting right next to me now.
And there's also a former State Department official, Jonathan Weiner, who admitted in a 'Washington Post' op-ed to meeting with Christopher Steele, and said that he was being fed even more anti-Trump information by longtime Clinton allies, like Sid Vicious Blumenthal and Cody Shearer.
And as we learn more and more information about this massive developing scandal, one thing is clear: Hillary Clinton is at the center of everything.
And also breaking now, two stories about special counsel Mueller's investigative crept. 'Axios' is now reporting that a special counsel, Robert Mueller, he's now beginning to subpoena all communications as it relates to an unidentified witness and what meetings they might have had or contracts with key Trump associates going back all the way to November, 2015. These communications include emails, text messages, and even handwritten notes.
And there are several other reports that Mueller is also now investigating the UAE trying to influence the Trump White House. So, Robert Mueller needs to explain what the heck any of this has to do with Trump-Russia collusion. Trump-UAE collusion, is at the next step?
This is beyond Mueller's mandate because the entire investigation was supposed to be about Trump-Russia collusion. But since that evidence doesn't exist, well, Mueller is now conducting his witch hunt and he's shaking people down, hoping that he'll be able to charge them with something, anything, even if it has nothing to do with Russia. And since Mueller is so interested in me subpoenas and getting information out of people, well, we decided to put together a few questions we'd like answered on behalf of the American people. You.
Let's start with Mueller himself. He should turn over all emails, text messages, handwritten notes from when he was the FBI director about why he didn't listen to an FBI informant, the guy that discovered Vladimir Putin had a group of people in this country, an organization, all trying to get a foothold in America's uranium market. And if Mueller wants to conduct a real investigation, I think he should subpoena all communications from the key players involved. In a scandal, by the way, where we had real collusion.
Take a look at the side of your screen. All of those people there are people that Mueller needs to be issuing subpoenas too. You have officials from the FBI like Comey and Andrew McCabe, former Attorney General Loretta Lynch, you got the love birds Peter Strzok and Lisa Page. You got former Obama intelligence officials, key Clinton allies, and even members of Mueller's own team like Andrew Weissmann and Jeannie Ray.
All of these people either have ties to the real Russia scandal or are unmanageably corrupt. So, it's time that we start getting some answers. In addition to all this new information. Well, we now know another massive bombshell that's breaking tonight, hidden in an article from 'The New Yorker' about former British by Christopher Steele, it's a major revelation.
Well, in the dossier, Steele's Russian sources told him that the hack of the DNC, the emails, the servers, quote, involved agents within the Democratic Party structure itself -- oh, not Russia -- as well as Russian cyber operators based in the U.S. and state-sponsored Russian cyber actors. This information is key because according to new reports, the special counsel Mueller is likely going to indict Russians for hacking Democratic emails.
Did Russia give you this information or anybody associated with Russia?
You did not get this information about the DNC, John Podesta's emails, can you tell the American people 1,000 percent you do not get it from Russia or anybody associated with Russia?
I've interviewed Assange five times. He has repeatedly and consistently said it was not from Russia, nor any state.
If Mueller's intention is to get to the truth, then wouldn't he have to at least ask, sit down, try and ascertain from Assange where to get this information from?
And I don't care if you like Assange or don't like Assange, I don't care if you like WikiLeaks or don't like WikiLeaks. WikiLeaks has never been proven wrong in 11 years. He is a much better track record, by the way, then anyone in the destroyed Trump media, like 'The Washington Post' and 'The New York Times' and ABC, NBC, CBS, fake news CNN or the conspiracy network MSNBC.
And since Assange published the emails, wouldn't he know exactly where they came from? And wouldn't he probably have some type of forensic proof about where it came from?
Here is another part to this DNC hacking story. The FBI never was actually able to look at the DNC servers. This is an important point. They had to rely on a private company called CrowdStrike that was hired by the DNC because the DNC would never let the FBI look at the servers.
Take a look at what the former FBI Director James Comey told Congress back in January of last year.
And the DNC gets to say no to the FBI and the FBI never actually analyzed the servers, and they just had to rely on whatever the DNC, whoever they hired, in this case CrowdStrike, to tell them what is in there?
Sorry. This sounds a lot like the FBI never verifying the dossier. They just go along with whatever Christopher Steele told them.
Don't you think if you are going to carry out a thorough investigation, you'd at least want to look at the server? Well, if Hillary had it, it would have been acid washed.
And finally tonight, breaking news from the House Intel Committee Chair Devin Nunes and his effort to get answers from key Obama administration officials about the phony dossier. Here is what Nunes said earlier tonight on with Martha MacCallum. Take a look.
All right. Finding out what all these Obama officials knew about the dossier, when they knew it is key. We've been following these developments closely and we will continue. Joining us now with reaction, FOX News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett, former Trump campaign associate become a guy who was spied on for a year based on Hillary's dossier, no dossier -- I'm sorry, no dossier, no application to spy on you, and through you, the entire Trump campaign. Great to be in the middle of it, isn't it?
All right. But, Mueller also you're you on the list of people that Mueller is asking for the emails, texts, et cetera. Do you know what -- who the individual is that they're talking about?
Is it a guy that's been melting down on TV tonight?
Gregg, what's your take on the list? And what's fascinating about all this to me as I have my list of people that need to answer questions.
Yes, a little late, right?
Let's show a little bit of Nunberg. He was on fake new CNN earlier tonight. I think my name came up a little bit. Always good to be talked about, you know, free airtime, free promotion. They're obsessed with us. Anyway , let's watch.
Let's go after the guy that appears to be having a national meltdown and say, oh, I smell booze on your breath. Not me, I didn't have one drink.
OK. How are you going to respond to Mueller?
Is there anything you are hearing Nunberg says that resonates in your mind, is truth?
And now we're talk -- you talk about investigative creep, now we are looking into the Emirates, now we are looking into Sam Nunberg and what they know about him and I am just -- where is the Trump-Russia collusion? Because even last week in 'The View,' you know, Mr. TV himself Adam Schiff said there is nothing. He couldn't name any evidence.
How many people are you going to sue?
Is the list going to be long?
A lot of media people?
Well, they finally apologized to conservative groups.
Thank you, both.
John Solomon and Sara Carter with their breaking news, two stories, next, straight ahead.
All right. As we continue, major breaking news tonight from 'The Hill's' John Solomon, reporting tonight, quote: Australian diplomat who is tip prompted FBI's Russia probe has ties to the Clintons.'
For that and more, we have from 'The Hill', John Solomon, and investigative reporter, Fox News contributor Sara Carter.
John, let's start with this. So, you have the foreign minister, Downer, Australian foreign minister, and why don't I just let you set that up. And again, the FBI is implicated here for not doing their job.
Well, his prior connection to the Clinton Foundation, it was never disclosed. So, again, everything always goes back to the Clintons, and who they know, and Sidney Blumenthal, everything that is providing all of this, feeding this information, including Clinton -- Hillary paying for the dossier. They're all Clinton cronies.
All right. Sara, you have an interesting piece out, the case for or against a special prosecutor to investigate the investigators. Now, we do know that the inspector general, Horowitz, we expect a report that they had been working on a pretty long time to be coming out perhaps maybe even this week, next week, or at least very shortly. But the inspector general has no prosecutorial l powers. We know certain facts here. Well know that in the FISA warrant there was never. They knew that in fat Hillary bought and paid for it. They didn't tell the original application the Judge that in fact that was the case. There is a special footnote may have political orientation, that tells nothing to the judge. They purposely withheld that information and every subsequent renewal of that application, three times, again they don't tell the judge and everybody knew the basis for it was the dossier or to quote the former FBI Director McCabe no dossier no FISA warrant application even.
The problem is we already know the laws, we know that they purposely. They didn't verify the facts and they misled FISA Judges.
That is violation of law.
I have a few. How about Bruce and nelly and Page and Susan Rice. Jim Comey and Sally Yates and Blumenthal and Bill and Hillary, Obama. Samantha Powers. And lynch. I got a pretty long list. John?
Is there equal justice under the law John?
If I deleted subpoenaed e-mails, I wonder if I go to jail. If I acid wash my hard drive, beat up my blackberry and iPhone, I wonder what would happen Sara?
Carter Page is going to be rich. That is my prediction. Carter page is going to be a rich man at the end of all this.
All right. Good investigative work, both of you, we keep on peeling the onion, we are getting there.
When we come back, Dr. Sebastian Gorka, Geraldo Rivera on the outrageous illegal immigration situation and that may be in Oakland, California literally risking lives. We will explain as Hannity continues.
Our good friend Geraldo Rivera, he is at the White House today with Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner. See that, that is a selfie, by the way a safe selfie, he is going to tell us about it in a minute. First, we're learning more damming immigration about the illegal immigrants that the mayor of Oakland California is trying to protect from following the law and federal immigration authorities. According to the L.A. Times, siding ICE of the 232 people that were arrested in the latest illegal immigration crackdown in California, 180 were either convicted criminals, had been issued a final order of removal or who had previously had been removed from the United States. Quote, 115 had prior felony convictions to serious offenses like child sex crime, weapons charges, assault or had pas convictions with significant or multiple misdemeanors. Here now with more, national security strategist Dr. Sebastian Gorka, Fox News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera. You know, if you're going to -- the law of the land is the law of the land. You want to change the law, change the law. But when you are aiding and abetting, especially the people who you're looking for, criminal aliens that have committed crimes in these country, you're putting ICE members at work, Border Patrol people's lives in jeopardy and lives of people in the communities which they live in jeopardy, because most of them are known criminals. There is no excuse from what this woman, this Oakland mayor is doing by putting people's lives in jeopardy.
Don't ever apologize.
They're going after known criminals. Geraldo, look at the numbers. We just put them up. Come on.
That is who is targeted right now.
Dr. Gorka, we're not talking about the otherwise law-abiding. Still people that didn't respect our laws sovereignty as it relates to immigration. That is not who we're talking about here.
Excuse me.
Aiding and abetting law breaking. She is an accomplice to law breaking, Geraldo.
She is tipping off those people.
Of course it is illegal.
Now you sound like Bill Clinton.
If one person gets killed by one of these criminal aliens that would have otherwise been deported. Would somebody have blood on their hands that they absolutely assisted in staying and breaking the law, not if then. You what? People with violent crimes do it again and again it is called recidivism.
Tell me about today. Why would Ivanka meet with you? What are they doing?
You know what I got to give you an A plus. This is -- this is such a better selfie than what I'm used to. Kidding.
And you were talking about the people in D.C. that were horrible not the administration.
It is a blood brutal, dirty, outrageous business. Good luck.
All right. Thank you. Thank you Dr. Gorka. Tomi Lahren is fired up about all those Hollywood hypocrites at the Oscars lecturing you last night. Straight ahead.
We saw literally dozens of sex abuse scandals. Last night's academy awards featured more than a few cringe worthy moments, like this joke from host Jimmy Kimmel about Oscar's manhood. Wow.
The perfect man, a cold statue. And by the way the casting couch culture of Weinstein and others. Last night's show, fox news contributor, she lives out there. I have no idea why. Tomi Lahren. I'm watching all this for a little bit until homeland came on at 9:00 eastern on Sunday night which I never missed. I'm sitting there thinking, nobody can tolerate this. I knew from the opening forum that it would be a disaster ratings wise. The lowest ever.
OK. How is it the crowd that just a number of years ago literally gives the loudest applause to a guy that -- that drugged a 13- year-old girl and repeatedly raped her? How did that guy get the biggest applause ever and how do we supposed to believe more on their saying when they applauded that guy? Because I had no faith in any of them. I think they're all phonies.
Did you notice when you pull up on the red carpet in you are your beautiful escalade and your arm guards, what did you see in armed cops, armed swat teams. If we're going to secure the perimeter of the Oscars can't we do that in America's schools Tomi?
That is where you live. You choose to live there. I don't know why.
All right. When we come back a major announcement, and more straight ahead.
The speech on Saturday President Trump joked about China's leader moving to end term limits saying maybe we would have to give that a shot someday. The destroy-Trump, hate Trump media were not so entertained. That is our video of the day.
All right. Time for the "Hannity" hotline. Hit me with your best shot.
That is amazing! If I had your address I would send you a "Hannity" football. Maybe she can call back. Have anything to say, good, bad, ugly, doesn't matter, 8772258587. Before we go, remember the faith based film I produced last year that became a big hit. "Let there be light," it is now available on demand on DVD and you can get it at Wal- Mart, Amazon.com and everywhere it is on Hannity.com. All right we will always be fair and balance, never the destroy Trump media. Thank you for being with us. Let not your heart be troubled -- hello.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 69  ***************************************************
 Now, we're going to preview more of President Trump's interview with Judge Jeanine Pirro in just a few minutes.
But first, the president -- I will say this tonight. He's absolutely right. If the propaganda destroy Trump media -- and they're going to smear and slander him and his administration and his family and lie about facts and what he's done, why bother? Why waste the energy trying to appease people who obviously hate his guts and want to destroy him and who twist his words and damage him every single day?
Now, the president -- he doesn't need fake news media to reach you, the American people. So you know what? As long as they keep reporting fake news, bizarre conspiracy theories and show this bizarre fascination and paranoia about Russia, how about no more press conferences for the Hillary Clinton-colluding media?
Instead, I think every week, the president should tweet out all of his accomplishments going back to day one, update people daily about what he's doing and what he's accomplishing. And the president is also -- he can take to Twitter. He can respond to the barrage of attacks, this ridiculous the conspiracy theory about Russia that is being pushed with no evidence and (ph) collusion.
For example, the president earlier today -- I think it's leading by example. He tweeted again the story that there was collusion between the Russians and the Trump campaign was fabricated by Democrats as an excuse for losing the election.
Now, you know what? The president's 100 percent right about this. And here's why. As NBC news reported back in December, the Obama administration -- they never made a big deal about Russian election interference before November 8th! Why? Because they thought Hillary was going to win. This only became a huge deal after Hillary lost. And since then, the Democrats and the media, including Hillary herself -- they abused this as an excuse for why she lost so badly. In other words, if Clinton had won, we would not be hearing about this issue every hour of every day.
Now, on top of that, as we told you on this program, there is zero -- zero-- evidence of Russia/Trump collusion. None! Now, the president tweeted this in his response. Quote, "When James Clapper himself and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt say there's no collusion, when does it end?"
Now, once again, the president is right to call these hypocrites out. Now, if you don't believe him about collusion -- don't believe him, OK. Let's listen to Obama's national director of intelligence, James Clapper in his own words. Pay attention, biased media!
No evidence, not to my knowledge. Now, predictably, after the president pointed this out on Twitter, what Clapper had been saying, well, earlier today, the former Obama official -- he's starting now to slowly change his tune and get in line with the media. He's actually now claiming, Well, I'm not sure.
Now, this just shows you how desperate the left, the propaganda media are at this point in time. They want to destroy Trump and they've been trying ever since November 9th. They can't believe Hillary lost!
Now, we have been exposing them to be the total hypocrites they are and the conspiracy theorists they are. They will do and say anything at this point in time to take down this president. For example, now, let's take a look at how they've been breathlessly -- breathlessly! -- comparing President Trump's firing of James Comey to Richard Nixon and Watergate without any factual comparison. It's an obsession now of theirs.
This is not Nixon! This is not the Saturday night massacre! (INAUDIBLE) bad enough (INAUDIBLE) exact opposite, actually.
Take a look at what the propaganda media is now trying to pass off as news. They're saying this is news. Watch this.
I don't know whether to laugh or cry. He gets two scoops! Everyone else only gets one scoop!
Now, we're going to have crazy examples coming up later in the show that expose this fake news media bias. Now, in an epic montage -- you won't want to miss this. This is probably going to be the single best montage we've ever put on our show.
But back to my point. The propaganda media is beyond pathetic at this point. They have become lapdogs and for the Democrats and the alt radical left in this country.
So I'm saying tonight let's stop pretending. The propaganda media is exactly that. They are propaganda. They're out to destroy Trump. That is their main purpose. They want to advance the interests of liberal Democrats and the left. Now, they're not journalists. They're not reporters. They're rigid, radical left-wing ideologues. Let's call it for what it is!
Now, the president does not need to be abused endlessly. And by the way, don't forget they were proven to have colluded with Hillary Clinton vis-a- vis (ph) Wikileaks. They were in her camp! Do you need any more evidence?
Here with reaction, the author of the brand-new book -- comes out soon. It's on Amazon.com, Hannity.com -- "Understanding Trump," former speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich.
You know what their latest thing is? Well, he said -- by the way, James Comey, be careful. By the way, James Comey by the end of the week next week will probably be an MSNBC contributor. That's only my guess because he's in the tank as everyone else and he did such a bad job.
But now they're saying Trump said there might be tapes. He's threatening James Comey. With what, his own words?
Let me ask you this--
All right, so the -- do you agree me in the age of social media, where he can reach more people on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook than he'll ever reach in any press conference or -- poor Sean Spicer and you know, Mike Huckabee's daughter, Sarah -- I mean, and go directly to the American people, and don't do any more interviews with Lester Holt, when then is sent over their cable channel--
-- and CNN so they can rip it apart, you know, every way and sideways!
-- Sean Spicer.
Dangerous detour, quicksand of the swamp -- very profound. We're going to have more with Newt Gingrich as Donald Trump fights back tonight.
And coming up next--
How can Comey's own words be a threat? That's what your propaganda news media is telling you. Earlier today, Judge Pirro interviewed the president. She asked him about The New York Times report claiming that James Comey, quote -- "He had a loyalty test." Newt Gingrich will weigh in on that as we check in with Judge Pirro and her interview.
And also tonight--
The vicious destroy Trump media -- they are working overtime. Jay Sekulow, Joe Concha will join us as we continue on this busy breaking news night, Donald Trump fighting back.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So earlier today during her interview with President Trump, Judge Jeanine Pirro asked him about New York Times report that claims he asked Comey to pledge loyalty to him. It's ridiculous. Watch this.
All right, shocking, more fake news from The New York Times. Judge Jeanine will join us in a few minutes, but we continue first with the author of the brand-new book, "Understanding Trump," former speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich.
All right, so if he says, Are you going to be loyal to the country? And somehow -- the fact that he has to answer this is ridiculous.
And secondly, the media's spinning that it's a threat. Go ahead.
Yes!
You know, I love this idea so much that I'm actually -- I think the media will implode! They would not know how to deal with this. And I'm beginning to think this is real, that Trump's had it. I've had it! We're actually starting a new segment, fake news tonight roundup, and we're going to show every night the lies they tell.
You know, I kind of -- leaves a little sour taste in my mouth that I have to buy people I really have no respect for coffee and donuts. I'd rather give it to people that are more deserving. But if you insist, I'll consider it.
I -- you know, at times, you have been -- I've known you since 1990. And at times, you just have this historical perspective that nobody else has. Tonight, is game on. Good job. Thank you for being with us.
All right, as we continue this busy breaking news edition of "Hannity," Donald Trump fighting back. Coming up next tonight--
And earlier today, Judge Jeanine Pirro -- she interviewed the president at the White House. Now, he spoke about the desire to end the press briefings -- yes, fighting back! Judge Pirro will join us.
And also tonight--
Out of sheer necessity, we start a new segment on "Hannity" tonight. We're calling it the fake news roundup. We'll get reaction from Jay Sekulow, Joe Concha and more as we continue.
And Welcome back to "Hannity." So earlier today, Judge Jeanine Pirro interviewed President Trump at the White House. Now, Judge Pirro asked the president about his tweet suggesting we do away with daily White House press briefings -- by the way, I would include no more network interviews that they can use on their cable channels to beat the president up. Doesn't make sense. Watch this.
And joining us now with more is the host of "Justice" Judge Jeanine Pirro. I've got to tell you. I'm listening to this. This is music to my ears, and I had not seen the interview until now. And that was my opening monologue for the most, shut it down. In the age of social media, I'll give you an example. NBC does an interview. Don't do interviews with the networks so they can spend hours and hours and hours tearing up every word the president says, something they would never do to Obama. End it. He doesn't need the press.
He doesn't need to talk to them. He can tweet out and reach more people in five seconds and they put it on Instagram and Facebook than he is ever going to reach with these media snobs who colluded with Hillary, who are advancing the most bizarre conspiracy theories. Why bother? Why shouldn't he, I saw, shut it all down, every bit? He doesn't need them.
You know what, it's even deeper, because all of them, they get their 30 seconds of press briefing with either Sean Spicer, or poor Mike Huckabee's daughter Sarah Huckabee is a wonderful woman. And what they do is they take their moment and act like they are so tough before their audiences, and that is all their going to play. They are not playing any of the substantive issues. I would also use social media to advance, as I said earlier, all the president's successes.
Let me go to another cut you have. The assistant associate deputy attorney general Rosenstein said earlier today there is no need for a special independent prosecutor. You asked the president about it and he apparently agrees with the deputy attorney general.
And another big part of the lie by the media is that they are making these Watergate comparison. The media is so ignorant because there was no firing or stopping of an investigation. The president was clear about that last night. You have the House investigation, you have the Senate investigation. You're going to have a new FBI director. You're going to have an interim FBI director all committed, and a new commission, all committed to finding out any truth about this. But that is not the narrative. Clapper and others have said there's no there, there. There's no evidence of collusion --
No, I think there are ways -- I think making significant changes in the day and age and you go direct to the American people via Facebook Live, via Facebook, via Instragram, via Twitter, I don't see the president has any problem. If I was him I would tweet out every week all of his successes from day one as I said from my opening monologue, and I would give updates, what he did this week. And it goes directly to millions and millions of people and goes viral.
Judge, congrats on the interview. Thanks for being with us. Full interview with the president airs tomorrow night, 9:00 eastern, right here on the Fox News Channel.
But coming up next on this busy breaking news night.
President Trump fighting back. Now the destroy-Trump media continues with their conspiracy theories, their biased coverage. Up next, we have got a brand new segment called the fake new roundup. Jay Sekulow, Joe Concha, they'll weigh in.
And also tonight.
"Lock her up." All right, during the election President Trump's supporters rightly wanted Hillary Clinton to be investigated and potentially prosecuted. Now that Comey is out, will the FBI, should the FBI reopen its investigation? Peter Schweizer will give us information on the controversial deal that the Clintons made in his bestselling book "Clinton Cash." That's straight ahead.
Welcome back on "Hannity." So earlier today the president fighting back, and he pointed out the uptick in unfair negative coverage that he has been receiving from the propaganda media. He tweeted out, quote "The fake media is working overtime today." The president is right. Even his eating habits are now coming under scrutiny and ridicule from the press. Watch this.
Jake Tapper of CNN, are you really proud of that? Two scoops of ice cream, everyone else gets none. That's news? Sadly that coverage is a small sample and, frankly, a somewhat innocent example of what the president is facing. Now in just the past 24 hours alone the destroy Trump media have been in wild overdrive. Watch this.
Yes, it is a real threat. Donald Trump may actually have the words of James Comey and remind him of them. Wow, that is terrible.
Here with reaction is the chief counsel for the American Center for Law and Justice Jay Sekelow, from The Hill, Joe Concha. You know, Joe, you are in an interesting spot because I watch you on Twitter, and the New York Times and the CNN people and the MSNBC people and the liberal media, they all tweet each other. And if you tweet my column and I'll tweet yours, and if you be nice to be me I'll be nice to you. You are kind of a little bit of an island out there on your own. You're not part of that coffee clutch. And I love the idea, no more press briefing, no more got you moments, no more here is my moment for television tonight.
But Joe, the point is, in all honestly, there is no benefit. This is all gotcha.
The same people that colluded to help Hillary win the election, the same people that have advanced a conspiracy theory for almost a year with zero evidence. Why should he give them any time?
Jay, in the day and age of Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, and the president -- I will give you an example. Last night he does a sit-down interview with Lester Holt. Off to their conspiracy theory cable channel and hours of dissection at a level that is so obscene. And again, they colluded with Hillary. They don't deserve his time.
Joe, I don't have a lot of time, but you agree with me WikiLeaks exposed collusion, correct?
OK, and you agree that they are abusively biased.
And you agree they have conspiracy theories. Are they advancing a false conspiracy with no evidence?
Why do those people get rewarded with time that they can use to beat him up more?
Jay, I think the world doesn't need them anymore. Jay, last word.
Not only, I actually believe they are now hurtful and this is now for them, they won't be happy unless they can drive him out of office. All right, guys, thank you for being with us, appreciate it.
Donald Trump fighting back. We'll have more coming up next tonight right here on Hannity.
That's was the president during the second presidential debate saying what a lot of Americans including myself think. Hillary Clinton needs to be prosecuted, or at least investigated, and if there is evidence prosecuted and then the proper punishment. Coming up, we'll speak to the man who exposed how the Clintons made their cash, and it was through corruption. Peter Schweizer is next, straight ahead.
President Trump and his supporters, they believe during the campaign that Hillary should have been prosecuted and likely put behind bars. Now the former FBI director James Comey has been fired. Should the agency reopen their investigation into the Clintons?
By the way, now for real news, for real investigative work is the presidential of the Government Accountability Institute and author of "Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich," Peter Schweizer.
The prime minister that spoke out that, yes, Clinton asked her for cash, which, by the way, break out. I don't have a lot of time, Peter, but in this day and age of fake news, we know a series of crimes that were committed. Let's start with e-mail server scandal. The legal standard is gross negligence. Comey said she was extremely reckless. I don't know what the difference in the terminology is. Offsite, she's not allowed to move it. She destroyed some top secret, special access program, classified information. She deleted e-mails, that also included classified, all those are felonies, aren't they?
There is actually a Russian conspiracy. As secretary of state be, she signed off on a waiver that allowed 20 percent of American's uranium to end up in the hands of Russia and all the people surrounding that deal donated millions and millions, you can tell me how much to the Clinton donation, and Bill doubled his speaking fee in Moscow, and Putin has 20 percent of the uranium which is the core ingredient to build nuclear weapons.
Yes, with all the talk, I think the new FBI director, I think there is a vulnerability now for Hillary. And Trump doesn't have a say in it. The president has no say that she's never had before.
I would not be shocked at all. If I were Hillary I would be calling my lawyer right about now. All right, Peter, that's the real news about Russia that the media won't report. Thank you for being with us.
When we come back, a very important "Question of the Day," and it's about the media. We want your input straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Time for our "Question of the Day." So do you think President Trump should stop White House press briefings daily? Yes. I want to know what you think. go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
We are out of time. Have a great weekend. See you back here Monday.

show#: 70  ***************************************************
 All right. This is just huge breaking news tonight. Sara Carter, who will join us in a minute, is reporting and we have confirmed with three separate sources that the Clinton bought and paid for fake news Russia propaganda dossier was, in fact, used in part to obtain FISA warrants to surveil members of the Trump campaign and Trump transition.
Now, this means that Hillary Clinton and the DNC -- remember that Donna Brazile said Hillary controlled the DNC? They paid millions and millions of dollars for what is a totally phony document full of Russian lies and propaganda that was then used by the Obama administration to surveil members of an opposition party and incoming president. This is the same dossier that former FBI Director James Comey testified under oath as being salacious and unverified.
And that information is only the tip of the iceberg. Sara Carter reporting and we are also learning that more shocking information will be coming out in just days that will show systemic FISA abuse.
This is the real Russia scandal, the real Russia collusion story.
Now, the dossier was used to target an opposition party and criminalize political differences. Now, that's the real story. That's what the media has not and will not cover and Democrats do not want you to know anything about. But unfortunately, they'll be forced to cover this story.
All of this is unprecedented in the history of this country. This is a sober moment. You need to understand this. We're on the precipice of one of the largest abuses of power in U.S. American history. And I'm talking about the literal shredding of the U.S. Constitution, your Fourth Amendment rights against unreasonable search and seizure. It is that serious.
Now, this new information is confirming what we've been saying and predicting for months on this show. The powerful tools of intelligence have now been politicized and used to influence a presidential election.
Now, make no mistake about this. This scandal will reach the highest levels of the Obama intelligence community, the DOJ, the FBI. And what we're reporting on is only the beginning tonight. We'll talk to Sara Carter about all the details in a minute.
And also tonight, the president continuing to crush the destroy Trump liberal media and the left's completely false narrative about Russia collusion. It has now been over a year and so far they have zero, zip, nada, nothing, no evidence of Trump/Russia collusion.
Now, during a press conference today with Norway's prime minister, the president was asked about the Russia investigation and if he would do an interview with special counsel Robert Mueller. Here is his answer. Take a look.
Now, the president is right on several key points here. First of all, like he has been saying for months like we have been saying, there is no evidence of Trump/Russia collusion. This has been a conspiracy theory manufactured by the industrial fake news media complex that has been spread night after night, hour after hour by the likes of CNN and conspiracy TV MSNBC.
And as we have been showing you, the narrative is falling completely flat. So, now, the media is trying to attack the president, his mental health, which is completely ridiculous. So idiotic for so many reasons.
For example, just yesterday, we could all see the president was in full control of that immigration debate at the White House and that he had all of his faculties. But that doesn't stop your media from lying to you.
Now, the other key point is the president is making now is that key Democrats -- remember, they've all said that they have not seen any evidence of collusion. Don't take my word for it. Let's take their word for it. Let's take their word for it.
No, not yet.
Now, all of that is reason why President Trump tweeted today, quote: "The single greatest witch hunt in American history continues. There was no collusion. Everybody including the Democrats know there was no collusion and yet on and on it goes. Russia and the world is laughing at the stupidity that they are witnessing. Republicans should finally take control."
Make no mistake about it, this is a political witch hunt unlike anything this country has seen before and it continues to be exposed. As we've been reporting for months, the special counsel, Robert Mueller, his investigation is nothing but a cesspool, an absolute cesspool of corruption. Members of his team, they don't donate to Republicans, but over 50 grand to Democrats, including giving money to Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama. One lawyer actually represented Hillary in one particular case, and none of them contributed to the Trump campaign.
Key Mueller prosecutors also have massive, massive conflicts of interest including Jeannie Rhee, serving as a lawyer for the Clinton Foundation. This is insanity. It's a partisan investigation. It's meant to unseat a duly elected president that the people voted for.
Now, President Trump is also weighing in on the fake news dossier and hammering Senator Feinstein for unilaterally releasing the testimony from Fusion GPS co-founder Glenn Simpson. The president responded, also on Twitter: "The fact that sneaky Dianne Feinstein who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between Trump/Russia has not been found would release testimony in such an underhanded and possibly illegal way, totally without authorization, is a disgrace. Must have a tough primary."
All right. Let me go to Congressman Meadows.
You're the chairman of the Freedom Caucus. Jim, of course, the former chairman. So, I must go to the current chairman first.
Are you getting the same confirmation that we're getting?
But a wait, isn't it worse than that?
Isn't it fraud upon the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance court? I was talking to Gregg Jarrett, and a lawyer, an officer of the court violating the law by knowingly using deceptive documents to deceive the court? And we've got to remember, Fusion GPS never verified the dossier ever.
And that would mean the speaker? That would mean Kevin McCarthy, Jim Jordan?
But, Jim --
If you look at the contents, what do you see? You know, triple, double, quadruple hearsay, none of which is reliable or even admissible in a court. But if that's to you -- if Hillary Clinton bought and paid for Russian propaganda dossier --
-- is used to obtain a FISA warrant, what happens then?
One question at the time, Sara, I'm hearing from sources that either Comey or McCabe paid. Do you hear the same?
All right. Jim, go ahead, back -- what's point number two?
All right. Sara, let's go back. Fusion GPS never verified the dossier. Remember, they tried to withhold who paid for the dossier and banking records associated with the dossier. They've not exactly been truthful, honest and helpful, and this is what they deal in.
And it would render anything they've got inadmissible.
The media has been trying to sell "The New York Times" report. Gregg Jarrett made a good point to me earlier today that, in fact, that it was "The New York Times" reporting that Papadopoulos mouthed off to an Australian diplomat, that he had heard the Russians had dirt on Hillary. That's not even admissible. That's triple hearsay.
Jim?
Let me -- I don't mean to interrupt -- a guy in Russia tells a guy in London who tells Papadopoulos who tells an Australian diplomat who tells the FBI. OK, let's play phone tag.
I am hearing and I'm just getting rumblings of this, that some of the details are beyond our imagination in terms of FISA abuse.
Sara Carter -- well, I see Mark Meadows is shaking his head. Are you agreeing, Mark?
So, we're over the target. We've been right all along?
Well, the American people -- we need to know the truth.
Sarah, last word for you tonight.
And the media has been wrong the entire time.
Jim, you are smiling. Last comment, we'll give to you. We want to be fair.
Let the public see it.
All right. Thank you all. This is scary, actually, in a lot of ways. We'll follow this every step of the way.
When we come back major federal immigration raids were conducted across the country today, even in California. The Trump administration says they are only getting started. Much more straight ahead.
That was the president earlier today repeating his commitment to secure the border first.
Many Democrats have now vowed to fight President Trump's efforts for secure borders but that has not always been their position.
Let's go back in the "Hannity" memory banks and look at some top Democrats and how they flipped and flopped and flailed as it relates to the border and illegal immigration. Some of them even sound like President Trump today. Take a look.
Somewhat laughable the media is accusing the president of going soft on illegal immigration. All they want to separate him from his base.
Well, today, ICE agents, they raided 98 7-Eleven stores. They arrested 21 people in now being called the biggest crackdown on a company suspected of hiring illegals since President Trump took office.
Here with reaction, we have former Secret Service agent Dan Bongino and "Catalina Magazine" publisher Cathy Areu is with us.
You saw the tape of Chuck Schumer and Hillary Clinton and all these Democrats. Don't they sound like Trump today? Can you be intellectually honest and just admit, yes, they sound like Trump today?
No?
These same people voted to build 700 miles of wall in 2013, what, five years ago.
If they voted in 2013 to build 700 miles of wall, how is it racist today?
What changed? What's so different?
No. Actually, the biggest change was in the last year. Dan?
Do you believe in the rule of law?
Do you believe that people that don't respect our laws and sovereignty, that they should be rewarded with the ability to stay here just because they didn't wait their turn?
What about those people that do commit crimes? I actually I sat in on a security briefing in Texas alone and in a short period of time, seven years, there were 600-and-some-odd thousand crimes committed against Texans by illegal immigrants.
I'm talking about -- I just mentioned Texas. What about 600 --
Some and some not. Some are actually, you know, found their way to a sanctuary city and they get to stay.
Focus on his question.
Do you worry about al Qaeda crossing the border with bad intentions?
I don't have any problem with that. I don't have a problem.
But we know that a major influx of immigrants are coming from the southern border. Why are you against -- why are you against --
Question, why are you against protecting a border? I've been to a drug warehouse. You ever been to the southern border?
I've been there 11 times, just on the border, from the Rio Grande to San Diego.
Did you ever see a drug warehouse. It's bigger than this studio, floor to ceiling drugs. Who are those drugs targeting?
Who are drugs targeting?
American children. Should we stop that? Do we have a moral obligation to stop that?
He supports probably their Iranian deal, don't you, with Obama? Did you support the Iranian deal with $150 billion in cash and other currency?
I asked that question. I bet you supported Obama, Didn't you?
Did you support that decision to give the Mueller's that money?
Did you not support him?
Do you think he did the right thing?
He did the wrong thing?
You sound confused.
Did you support the decision to give the uranium a 150 billion.
Was it a good idea or bad idea?
Good or bad idea
Was that a good idea or bad idea?
Was it a good one?
Unbelievable. That is politics. When we comeback, Ed Henry has a live report of how the President is now going on offense against the Russia collusion investigation. So much more on this busy breaking news night.
The President, he went on offense today against his critics in the phony Russia investigation. Ed Henry has a live report from the White House tonight with insight into the President's strategy. Ed, what's going on?
All right. Great reporting Ed Henry, live at the White House tonight. Thank you. Joining us now with reaction Salem radio National Syndicated talk show host Larry Elder, Civil Rights Attorney Daryl Parks. All right, Daryl, let us put you attorney hat for just a second here. So, it took a year, but we find out Hillary, her campaign and the DNC she ran, they spent millions and millions of dollars on what turns out to be a false, salacious Russian propaganda dossier to influence the American people. The same woman that fixed the primary against Bernie.
And not only that, we're learning today that, in fact, that dossier played a role, perhaps a significant role, in obtaining a warrant from the FISA court for surveillance of the candidate and incoming President Donald Trump and other people. As an attorney, I assume you believe in the constitution and the fourth amendment. You should be pretty outraged tonight, because if that is false, pretense, isn't it? That is fraud. Before a surveillance cross court isn't it?
Yes. The fraud was upon the foreign intelligence surveillance court, Larry Elder. How significant is this now that a bought and paid for dossier full of Russian lies was used to obtain a warrant to look into a President elect and company?
That drives people on the left crazy. As a person that is a lawyer and believes in the rule of law I'm sure, Daryl, you never heard of a case where they're writing an exoneration months before they actually did the real investigation and interviewed the people involved. I'm talking about Comey and Trump hater Peter Strzok and Hillary lover Peter Strzok that they literally were writing Hillary's exoneration and they hadn't interviewed anybody until months later. Does that sound like the type of justice system you're used to? I doubt it.
And Daryl you can, so basically Hannity you're right, I was wrong and Hillary rigs everything, she rigs her elections and she tries to rig the general election with phony Russian propaganda and she has her buddies Comey and Strzok rig her exoneration to keep her in the race and not thrown in jail. Larry last word.
All right. Thank you, both. We appreciate it. Still a lot more to come. Unhinged rant from Robert De Niro, Jesse Waters and Jessica Tarlov up next. Straight ahead.
It's been a rough year for the elites in Hollywood. They had been forced to endure a new political force that is called President Donald Trump and sadly under all of the stress some of these liberal snowflakes are starting to break down that includes actor Robert De Niro who went on the anti-Trump rant last night during a speech honoring the ever so talented Meryl Streep. Watch this.
Left wing friends in Hollywood are not alone. As we've been reporting right here on this program, of course the destroy Trump media is becoming unhinged including conspiracy theorists over at MSNBC Chris Matthews who last night compared President Trump's family to Uday and Kusay, remember Saddam Hussain's kids. Here with reaction, Fox News Contributor Jessica Tarlov. The co-host of the hit show The Five, host of Watters world and his world we live in. It's your world.
Your fine, you're good. I was on your show. Jessica, there is a level of vitriol and hate that even you should be uncomfortable with. As a liberal you might be a little embarrassed about.
Your talking pints is very nicely done.
The reality is it has never been, is this something the President said today, he goes this investigation, phony has hurt the country and there is still no evidence, Jesse.
I know Donald Trump. I've known him long before he ran for President. He is a funny guy. And he does this ok, you want to hit me? I'll hit you and he will have some fun. Everybody expects he is going to one day wake up and say oh, I'm going to be exactly -- I'm going to bow and kiss the ring of the mullahs in Iran. It is not going to happen. Kiss the ring of Kim Jong Un and give them all billions of dollars and beg them to like us. That is not going to happen. That is not who the American people voted for. Is there anything you see about Donald Trump that you say, wow the economy really turned around or standing up to murdering dictators is actually good, do you agree with that?
Should we give him billions like Clinton did, that is a good deal for American evil. Can we do that?
they want economic statistics they got better under Obama.
What did Obama do on the economy? Name one statistic where you say Obama did a great job here.
How about who had lost health insurance and have to pay eight times. What are you talking about? Let me go to Jesse.
Jesse good point.
Does it bother you the Hillary bought and paid for phony Russian propaganda dossier was used to obtain a FISA warrant as we are reporting tonight?
Actually there is. The House Intel Committee has it all.
This is Watters' World. We all live in it.
All right. When we come back the video of the day and James O'Keefe. You'll love what he reports on twitter straight ahead.
Time for our video of the day, James O'Keefe, Project VERITAS. He has a brand new undercover report. This time he is targeting a senior engineer from twitter to determine whether or not the social media giant is actively working against President Trump. We have not independently verified the contents, but we will let you decide. Take a look at this pretty shocking undercover footage. Take a look.
Wow. Is twitter really monitoring the president's direct messages which are supposed to be private, forwarding them to the Department of Justice as the senior twitter engineer is suggesting? Twitter did released a statement earlier today writing in part quote, the individual depicted in this video wasn't speaking in a personal capacity and does not represent or speak for twitter. Twitter only responds to valid legal requests and does not share any use of information with law enforcement without such a request. We'll continue to follow these developments from Project VERITAS. Amazing stuff and scary. Now it's time for the Hannity hotline, or some of you call it the hate Hannity hotline, listen to this.
If I do that, if I open my mouth, I'm going to kill more kittens. Where did this come from? Call us, 877-225-8587. Now unfortunately that is all the time we have left this evening. Please set your DVR, and never miss an episode. We will never, this is our promise our pledge, our solemn vow to you, we will never be the destroy-Trump media. We are the fair and balance part. Let not your heart be troubled and the news continues, there she is.
Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 71  ***************************************************
 You know, Lou, you -- I don't want to interrupt, but you're sparking more frustration. You look at the...
You look at the checklist. He's kept promise after promise...
... after promise after promise. He's building a wall. He's extreme vetting. He's fighting in the courts. He's getting rid of burdensome regulation. He wants to move forward with a bill that's going to create jobs. He's negotiating with companies. He's keeping companies here in America. He's remembering the forgotten men and women.
They've had eight years, Lou eight years!
I feel bad for him.
Let me ask something.
I work 18-hour days.
I don't know what that life is like.
Yes.
Well, that's -- you know...
It's not his job, Lou!
Am I wrong in saying that all these guys that didn't support the president during the election -- I remember talking to the speaker and I remember that then candidate Trump was going, with three weeks before the election, to the state of Wisconsin and Paul Ryan wasn't going to meet the nominee of his party!
Do you agree with me, the president has not been served well? Is it wrong for me to expect that you don't hide the bill from your caucus, from your conference? They didn't show anybody. And there were all rumors flying around. Everybody was saying -- then it gets released, and this group doesn't like it, that group doesn't like it. Shouldn't -- aren't you supposed to as a speaker build consensus?
Can we say -- in other words, I talked to the vice president tonight, and I hope he doesn't mind me revealing this. And he believes -- this is what he said. He said what the president, what Secretary Price wrote as a sidebar for stage two and three...
OK.
... is written in gold. That was the request of the Freedom Caucus. The vice president to standing by that promise and he said...
... 1,000 percent. But...
OK. What?
Can they get this done?
OK.
But here's the problem. It's going to either die tomorrow, or it's going to be...
I think the words, Lou, are pissed off. He has a right to be pissed off.
(INAUDIBLE)
I don't doubt that, either. All right, Lou, always good to see you.
All right, we have so much news tonight. Coming up tonight, a blockbuster report, our own James Rosen reporting sources telling FOX News there is possibly a, quote, "smoking gun" that will prove the Obama administration spied on the Trump team. We're going to get that back into that issue tonight.
Also, the House Intelligence Committee chairman, Devin Nunes, who dropped a bombshell just two days ago -- well, guess what? He sent shockwaves through Washington after confirming the Trump team was surveilled, including the president-elect. He'll join us in just a few minutes.
But first, tonight...
White House senior adviser Steve Bannon telling reporters tonight that the president is looking for a vote tomorrow on the GOP "Obama care" replacement plan. Will the bill get enough votes to pass? Monica Crowley checks next, along with Matt and Mercedes Schlapp straight ahead.
All right that was White House chief strategist Steve Bannon earlier tonight. He said the president wants a vote tomorrow.
Here with reaction, Fox News contributor Mercedes Schlapp, Conservative Union chairman Matthew Schlapp and conservative commentator Monica Crowley.
All right, let me...
Let me move the ball. I agree with all of that, and this was so poorly managed from the get-go, Mercedes, because no consensus was built. Nobody saw the bill beforehand. And frankly, the person that ended up having to do the heavy lift was the president, and that really is job of the speaker and the legislative branch and the leadership.
With that said, can this be saved? For example, the president making a side agreement in letter that phase two will give them -- give the Freedom Caucus the things that they want, that they said they need to get to this bill passed. Is that good enough in your opinion? Will that get it done?
I think that's well said...
So you -- well, look, I've known the president for over two decades, and I've found him always to be a person of his word. That's my experience, and I would say that to every Freedom Caucus member. If he gave you his promise, his word, I absolutely believe him.
Now, if it was the leadership in Congress, if it was McConnell or any of these other guys, I'd be squirrely.
Matt, how -- how does this get done from here? The Freedom Caucus is meeting right now as we speak.
And they're discussing the president's letter and their discussing whether or not that's enough for them. And they're going to be the deciding voice at the end of this process. They have moved the ball forward in a lot of different ways.
Is it enough, do you think?
Well, there are 1,142 "the secretary shall," "the secretary may"...
... within the bill. In other words, there is very broad discretion in the current bill...
... that they would have the ability, he would have the ability to make the changes.
You know, but -- but I think where the conservatives -- and by the way, I give you -- I agree with you. I think the president -- if this has any chance of passing, it's because of his hard work, him being open to talking to all these groups. He deserves all that credit. But that should have been done before him -- before it was ever rolled out.
So he was put in an untenable position, in my opinion. But with that said, you know, we always get the tax increase, we never get the spending cuts. We always get the amnesty, we never get the wall built. And I think there's always a trust issue, but I trust the president. That's my experience with him.
Last word, Mercedes. We have about 20 seconds.
Oh, you mean the guy -- the Chuck Schumer that said that they're going to filibuster...
Seriously?
All right, guys...
Thank you both for...
Thank all three of you for being on this.
And up next, House Intelligence Committee chairman Devin Nunes -- he will join us exclusively to talk about the briefing that he gave the president yesterday. Now, the chairman says he has seen reports that prove that President Trump himself, then president-elect, and his transition team were, in fact, surveilled.
Also later tonight, we have a new breaking news story about -- from James Rosen reporting that sources are telling Fox News tonight there is potentially a, quote, "smoking gun" that will prove the Obama administration did spy on the Trump team. Jay Sekulow, Sara Carter from Circa News are here.
And also later tonight, Michelle Malkin.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So yesterday, the House Intelligence Committee chairman Devin Nunes -- he dropped a bombshell, and all the news (ph) that following the November election that the Trump transition team and their communications were captured by intelligence community surveillance.
After being briefed by Chairman Nunes, President Trump -- well, he said he felt somewhat vindicated by this revelation. Check this out.
And joining us now, the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Devin Nunes, a Congressman from California. Congressman, thank you for being with us.
Let's go over what it is that you said the other day, which has now gotten a lot of play, and that is, in fact, surveillance took place in November, December and January of the president-elect, his transition team. What else do you know?
The president then said that he felt vindicated over his claims that he felt he was -- well, he said wiretapping, but surveillance, wiretapping -- in my view, we're just really parsing words. But he was picked up at least in an incidental way. Can you give us more detail about it?
All right, what about this process -- because we've got to go back. I think you would agree with me that the unmasking -- if we have our intelligence community doing their job -- and I want to emphasize that I have great faith in our intelligence community, and they provide this country with safety and security. It is a necessary evil in an evil world, right?
But in the process of surveilling anybody from any foreign country, which they have a right to do and an obligation to do, if an American is picked up on that call, isn't it standard operating procedure, is that they don't unmask the identity of the American, doesn't matter who it is, and that when they write up the report, they usually would not include the name of that person or details, they would minimize what the American was saying, isn't that standard operating procedure?
And then that would also mean that in the case of General Flynn, not only did an unmasking take place but also on intelligence leak, which as I understand it never happens in a case where signal intelligence such as this is in fact obtained, is that correct?
In the case of any type of leak that would be a violation of the espionage act, that would be a felony, that would be five years potentially in prison?
And that raises another question, because you talked about it being widely dispensed within the intelligence community, meaning many people saw the surveillance of the president-elect and his transition team and they were identified. Then it goes to the issue to how many people have access to it. Two weeks before President Obama left office he modified executive order 12333 which allowed in the sharing of this type of intelligence, which has never happened before, with 16 other agencies. Is there a possibility that was done so that leaks could be covered up, sir?
But prior to that the modification of executive order 12333, it was not usual practice to widely disseminate. So certainly, look, if this happened in November and December, that didn't happen until January, the alteration of 12333, is there anybody you saw that had dissemination of these documents?
OK.
Do you question whether or not it was necessary for surveillance? In other words, when you read it, OK, so-and-so was talking to so-and-so. Did you get the impression why would this be surveilled in the first place?
Congressman, did you see any legal issues that would worry the president in any way, shape, matter, or form?
One last question. In terms of the ability, we look at the leak of General Flynn, we know that's a felony. Do agree that's a felony?
Is it something that would have to come -- could this happen at a low level or is this something that could happen at a very high level, meaning a director or just below a director? In other words, who would actually have access to that type of intelligence?
Yes. And so do you suspect then that people go to jail over this?
I think that also goes back to 12333 because it could have been now 16 other agencies involved and maybe something hand-delivered and not sent over electronic devices. Sir, I appreciate your time, thank you for being with us.
Coming up, we'll get reactions to our interview with House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes. Also, James Rosen reporting that sources are not telling Fox News that Republican congressional investigators are expecting a, quote, "smoking gun" to come out this week related to the president and surveillance. Jay Sekulow and Sara Carter from Circa News will joins us next.
Then later Michelle Malkin weighs in on all things Washington and of this health care bill.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So tonight our own James Rosen is reporting that according to sources, Republican congressional investigators, they expect this week to receive a potential, quote, "smoking gun," one that will prove the Obama administration spied on the Trump transition team in the weeks following the November election. Rosen in an article posted up right now on FOXNews.com writes, quote, "The intelligence is said to leave no doubt that the Obama administration in its closing days was using the cover of legitimate surveillance on foreign targets to spy on president-elect Trump according to sources."
Here now with reaction, from Circa News, Sara Carter, from the American Center for Law and Justice, Jay Sekulow. I see you smiling, Sara, because every day, everything you said is coming true. I expect this is going to come out tomorrow. Based on my interview, what did you think, A, of what Devin Nunes said, and what do you think about this Rosen report?
By the way, you've confirmed that stuff happened before that.
That was the FISA warrant and the separate criminal warrant, if you will. Jay, from your perspective, I'm dying to get to what you think of all this.
It gets to what he knew or what others knew, who knew what when and where, and what did they know and when did they knew it? So Jay told me where he think it's going, Sara. Where do you think it's going?
This would make Watergate look like kindergarten?
The bottom line is they were surveilling the president. And Sara, you believe it was before the election and now we are getting it confirmed by James Rosen after the election. You also said it had happened after the election, but we're getting more specific.
Now, there should be ways to determine who had access to what this intelligence was. The fact that Devin Nunes said it was widely disseminated before 12333 was amended, that tells me that maybe that in and of itself was wrong. It would have to be the highest level of intelligence agencies that had it, because nobody else would otherwise have access, right, Sara?
Jay, I'm running out of time. What should Nunes be doing and what should the attorney general perhaps be doing here?
One last point and we've got go, James Comey needs to now come clean with the American people and tell the American people what he knows. He cannot leave this out there hanging any longer. All right, we'll have a lot more, I think tomorrow. We'll have you back both of you tomorrow to talk about it, thank you.
And up next, Michelle Malkin will join us live to weigh in on tomorrow's House vote and much more, straight ahead.
That was speaker of the house Paul Ryan vowing that tomorrow they will vote on the GOP bill to repeal and place Obamacare, they have the votes. Joining us now with reaction, the host of "Michelle Malkin Investigates" on CRTV.com, Michelle Malkin.
As of now, I know the Freedom Caucus, I don't know if the meeting is continuing. They we're meeting at the start of this program, and it seems to now all come down to them, and an issue that is important to them that the president given them a letter ensuring them that that would be done, the things they were specifically asking for. My big problem with all of this is the way it was rolled out, the way it was handled, the secrecy involved, the fact that they've had eight years to get this together. What are your thoughts?
The bottom line is --
Is there anything you see from your perspective? And, look, I just don't understand how the president was put in the position after the Republicans in Congress said give us the House, give us the Senate, give us the White House and we'll get this done. And they unveil a bill that nobody saw, that many people had many of the criticisms you have, and then they hand it off to the president to do all the heavy lifting, shouldn't that consensus have been built after eight long years? Shouldn't have been prepared and written and agreed upon and ready to go? It seems to me that it should have been such a consensus bill by that point that the president could have gone out and said here's our replacement bill and, by the way, he could have done it in front of every Republican House member and every Republican senator, but they weren't prepared. How was that possible?
But the 2015 bill didn't fully repeal --
I guarantee you if this dies tomorrow, it's over and they will move on to other issues of national defense, the economy, tax reform and other issues. That's my prediction based on knowledge. I've got to roll.
Thank you. And coming up next, more "Hannity" right after this.
Time for our "Question of the Day." So who do you blame for the GOP health care mess? Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter. Who do you think is responsible? They had eight years to get this together. But that's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. "Special Report," a special edition with Bret Baier is coming up next. We'll see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 72  ***************************************************
 Peter, what was the cheering going on while you were speaking, do you know?
All right. Peter Doocy at Roy Moore headquarters.
Here now from Doug Jones campaign headquarters in Birmingham. We are all sitting here with our phones and we're looking at this interactive New York Times site. Right now it says, it's dead even and it's a 50/50 toss-up. Doug McKelway is with us. Doug, what do you think? What's going on there?
All right. Thanks so much. And by the way, as we bring in our panel here, joining us now with reaction, we have American Conservative Union Chairman Matt Schlapp. Salem nationally syndicated radio talk show host Larry Elder. From The Hill, Joe Concha. Fox News contributor, former Clinton pollster Doug Schoen and Fox News contributor Tammy Bruce. Right now it's 54 percent.
New York Times has it bouncing around like a ping-pong ball and we are all sitting here neurotically looking at all of this. It really matters. Vote turnouts, specific counties. You mentioned Talladega County. I would say another county having lived in Alabama. It would be Madison County. A bit of a bellwether Northern Alabama. Certain counties obviously in the north. Roy Moore is going to want to run up the vote as much as he possibly can there in the Birmingham area, some certain Democratic areas, the same with Doug Jones. What's your take, Tammy?
All right. Let me bring in our own Brit Hume, Elder Statesman he has seen a campaign or two also a close friend of ours. Brit, thanks for being with us.
Let's talk about the national implications for a minute, Brit. I know the Republican establishment were dead set against supporting Roy Moore. At the end they ended up coming. The President went in but not in the state. He went close to the state. He also pointed out that for him, with the Senate margin of 52-48, going down to 51-49 becomes intolerable and means you almost need the entire Senate Republican caucus to pass a bill.
If Roy Moore would have pulled this out and it's very tight according to all exit polls and all the numbers we are seeing early on here. If he were to pull this out, we know the Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell as 10:00 a.m. scheduled conference with all the Republicans there. If they decide to do an ethics investigation, if they would then aggressively go after Roy Moore and perhaps look to overturn the results of this election, what would be the impact or results, how would the people of Alabama feel?
Yes.
There were couple of us that were little hinder the curve, and both Trump had a much better chance than other people. But good to see you, Brit. We always appreciate it. We will check in with you later in the hour.
Let me go to Doug Schoen. From your perspective, let's talk about the national implications here.
If Roy Moore loses, it would be because of Roy Moore. He has been notorious in running very close statewide elections. Last election the state Supreme Court, it was 52-48. And in Alabama, that's a close race for Republicans.
Will it be that Joe Concha or will it be that even with Trump's help, he couldn't pull him over the finish line because of all the news and information we have been discussing now for a long time.
A little lag on the numbers on the screen here. Right now Jones is up about 1.2 percent. Now the New York Times has flipped it to a 57 percent chance of Jones winning the race as this thing goes back and forth throughout the hour depending on the counties that are coming in at these specific times.
Let me go to my friend Matt Schlapp. Matt, I want to ask you this question. After Roy Moore had said he did not know the woman and then the woman came out, there is one particular case with the yearbook. I interviewed on my radio show that day. A 42-year professional forensic hand writing expert. He said with pinpoint accuracy, 100 percent accuracy, that if he had Roy Moore's writing at the time and he had the yearbook, he would be able to determine if, in fact, Roy Moore had written that inside that yearbook.
He also said, he would be able to tell if the ink was old or the ink was new. From me from that point forward I always assumed forensics would decide whether or not who the veracity of both sides here. We since found out that at least the notes on the bottom of that yearbook were added by the woman in question.
It never got any forensic testing. What is that mean for the race? What is that mean? Why didn't that happen for the people of Alabama? I thought they deserved it.
Yes. By the way, it was funny election night --
-- 2016 because it was way over here that in fact Hillary was our next president.
And then slowly but surely it went the other direction.
Let me bring Larry Elder in first. Larry, your take on the vote tonight. A lot has been mentioned about the percentage. We always break things down demographically, the black vote in Alabama. How high that percentage would be in 2012, Barack Obama had 28 percent of that vote. There were some estimates coming out early tonight and predictions that the black vote would even be higher than that number. Possible or your thoughts?
The President was very specific Larry, and as much as he's saying, it's a tight margin. We can't get healthcare through the Senate at 52, 48. If it's 51, 49, then the agenda that he has pushed so hard for is in greater jeopardy.
Well, that's true.
Seventy five percent New York Times has ads of Doug Jones winning.
Well, it's remarkable and it is based on the data and where the data is coming from. Doug, something you've done --
Tammy, that is a profound, a deeply troubling thing you just said.
I have talked Matt Schlapp at length about these forces that are against President Trump. The Deep State. The Democratic Party. They don't want him to succeed. The media is obviously more corrupt than they have ever been. But I also add to that list, Republicans. And I add to that list the never Trump crowd that wants to say see, we told you so. But, meanwhile, what this last election was about in 2016 was the forgotten men and forgotten women that need jobs that are on food stamps, in poverty, and they want a shot at the American dream, also.
So, if that is the Republican strategy, I mean, it is -- it almost takes my breath away and it also goes, I think Mitch McConnell has a lot of culpability in all of this. I was a Mo Brooks supporter from day one. I have known Mo Brooks nearly 30 years. He used to fill in my radio show when I had a show in Huntsville, Alabama. And I thought he would have been a great candidate. The person who came out strong is against Mo Brooks, Matt, was Mitch McConnell.
Mitch McConnell, you know, literally, put himself in the middle of the race time and again, and it didn't work out well for him.
You know, one of the exit poll numbers that stood out on the page Larry Elder had to do with Donald Trump really not being a factor in this race. But in terms of the liberal media, in terms of the Democratic Party, in terms of the spin that will go out tomorrow and I think Doug is right about this. You know, if the dog bites, if the beestings, if you are feeling sad in the world of the liberal media and destroy Trump media and the Democratic Party, it's all Donald Trump's fault. So, of course they will put him in the middle of it when really Trump, yes, he got involved, and he sent a robo call in, but he didn't go into the state, did he?
Twenty seven percent.
Is Roy Moore the face of the party? I mean, there is a 76 percent chance according to the "New York Times" right now that he doesn't win.
And Al Franken and Conyers and Menendez and I'll go down the list, Tammy?
That will be Republicans and Democrats I can assure you. Doug, real quick, we have to take a break.
But you know, what? Up to an including last year, your party defend it, and not you, your party went all in defending and all of the smears of every woman.
Fascinating race. All right. We will take a quick break. We'll come back. We will continue to monitor all of the election results out of this close race in Alabama. Bret Baier, Martha MacCallum. They will join us as we continue our coverage.
All right. This is a FOX News alert. It is still too close to call in this special election in Alabama as this election results continue to pour in.
Joining us now with analysis, Bret Baier and Martha MacCallum. They are in-charge of our election coverage. Bret, let's start with you. Your thoughts about the evening tonight so far.
I really appreciate that.
Let me go to how we got to this point, Bret. And by that I mean I have known Mo Brooks for nearly 30 years. I mentioned earlier I lived in Huntsville. I was a local radio host. He used to fill in on my radio show. I will tell you tonight that Mo Brooks would have won by probably 20 points in this race. We also have the factor of Richard Shelby, a sitting senator, well liked in the great state of Alabama and he said he could not vote for Moore.
And he went with a write-in candidate. But how did we get to this point? The President supported Luther Strange and I think a lot of people aren't really talking about the involvement of Mitch McConnell from the get-go here opposing Mo Brooks who would have won easily. Supporting Luther Strange and the amount of money they poured in to also going hard after Roy Moore prior to these allegations?
I think there is one other factor that we have got to throw in here statewide. If you look at the prior race that he had for the Supreme Court in Alabama, Martha, it was 52-48. That is by Alabama standards for a Republican, that is not a big win.
And young voters were going more Democrat in this particular race for Doug Jones. Right?
Overwhelming.
All right. Thank you, both. By the way, Bret, do you like the big colossal studio that Martha has now? Mine is tiny by comparison.
It has stairs going up to the tippy top. Martha's name on the big circular thing.
The "New York Times" loves me. If you saw the Sunday magazine picture, best shot I ever had. All right, guys, thank you.
We will continue to monitor the election results out of this race in Alabama tonight. Huge breaking news Fox News has obtained the anti- Trump-pro-Hillary text messages between that FBI agents the one that is involved in everything. Peter Strzok and his girlfriend Lisa Page. That is straight ahead.
All right. This is a Fox News alert. We are awaiting results. We may be able to make a call soon in this all-important Alabama U.S. Senate special election. We will have an update in mere moments when we get those numbers. Also major breaking news right now. Fox News has obtained the anti-Trump pro-Hillary Clinton text messages between the FBI agent, Peter Strzok and his girlfriend Lisa Page. Remember, both working in the Mueller special counsel case. But, first, President Trump's attorney Jay Sekulow is now calling for a second special counsel to be appointed to investigate the massive conflicts of interest surrounding a key department of justice official and Fusion GPS. Now the company behind the Clinton bought and paid for fake Trump, anti-Trump propaganda from Russia, well, that dossier, this comes after a Fox News exclusive report showing that in fact the wife of Bruce Ohr, the recently demoted DOJ official actually worked for Fusion GPS during the 2016 election while it was crafting that fake news dossier.
Now, also tonight, the fake news media are working overtime by spreading outright lies and misinformation to try and damage and discredit President Trump. Here are some of the recent examples. On Friday CNN, they ran wild with a fake news report about Donald Trump Jr. claiming that he received an email on September the 4th, 2016, that gave him special access to hack DNC emails that were not released at that point by WikiLeaks. That was a total lie. Because the email was sent that was actually sent from September 14th that was the day after WikiLeaks had published the DNC emails. Also fake news, CNN were pushing that story for hours and others like conspiracy TV. MSNBC, they repeated it before the Clinton news network finally offered a correction. Over the weekend "the Washington Post" reporter Dave Weigel tweeted out this fake news photo and claimed that the arena was empty during a Trump rally in Florida. Turns out the photos, well, they were taken well before the President even stepped on stage. And Weigel in this particular case was forced to apologize. It was an outright lie.
The New York Times told us a story claiming that President Trump watches up to 8 hours of TV a day and drinks 12 Diet Cokes. Huge news. CNN has since been using that so-called report to wildly speculate about President Trump's health and a pretty despicable display last week both Bloomberg and Reuters put out a fake news story that the special counsel Robert Mueller's team had subpoenaed President Trump and his family's bank records from Deutsche bank. Now President Trump's legal team quickly pushed back and by the way those outlets also issued corrections.
Finally, of course, there was ABC news' Brian Ross. He was suspended without pay for reporting that Lieutenant General Michael Flynn was prepared to testify that then candidate Trump ordered him to contact the Russians. That turned out to be false. He is also forbidden forever reporting on Donald Trump going forward. Joining us now with reaction the attorney for President Trump, Jay Sekulow, you were involved today. I actually saw your text messages to NBC.
Where you said you are not calling for a special counsel for a special counsel to be appointed for Robert Mueller at all.
You said it three times in that same text exchange.
Just the opposite.
You said just the opposite, Jay.
Let me bring up this breaking news we have tonight. Let me set the table a little bit. We know Bruce Ohr. Literally four doors down from Rosenstein. We know that he was meeting with Fusion GPS. The firm that was hired they came up with false dossier and hired Christopher Steele just to get some background. Turns out his wife worked for Fusion GPS. Now here is where it gets worse. Peter Strzok and his girlfriend Lisa Page, both of them working in just Peter Strzok in particular. He was in the dossier case. He interviewed Cheryl Mills. He interviewed Huma Abedin. He interviewed Hillary Clinton. He was there are to the interview with General Flynn. It seemed like the FBI only has one full-time employee because he is involved in all of this.
You can. You can say the fix was in. In and Peter Strzok was involved in this. By the way, god Hillary should win, you know, 100 million to zero. I guess we know where political affiliation lies.
Why can't we get an answer?
Hillary Clinton bought and paid for dossier with Russia lies, propaganda to influence the 2016 election.
All right. Jay Sekulow, we appreciate your time.
When we come back we have more election results in the great state of Alabama. More of our great panel and Dr. Gorka also joins us straight ahead.
This is a Fox News alert. It is a tight race in the Alabama special election between Judge Roy Moore and Doug Jones. Also huge breaking news tonight at this hour. Fox News has now obtained a text messages between the FBI agent Peter Strzok and his FBI lawyer girlfriend Lisa Page. It shows a virulent major anti-Trump/pro-Clinton bias.
Here with reaction to that former deputy assistant to the president, Fox News national security strategist Sebastian Gorka. Have you had a chance to read this? God, Hillary should win 100 million to one. I suppose Hillary is who I support. God, Trump is a loathsome human being. Peter Strzok was on Robert Mueller's team, Dr. Gorka. Peter Strzok interviewed Cheryl Mills and Huma Abedin and Hillary Clinton and General Flynn. He was involved in the dossier. He was involved in the -- if you will, collusion or putting the fix in with an exoneration before investigation on the Hillary email investigation. How is this guy with this bias ever allowed on Mueller's team and I'm not even talking about 8 of the 16, appointed by Mueller Democratic donors. Or the atrocious record the 9-0 loss in the Supreme Court by Andrew Weissmann, the overturn and the Fifth circuit of appeals or the fact no Republican donors appointed by Mueller. This is beyond anything I have seen in my life. Robert Mueller special counsel and people that are in the forefront of that investigation now their bias is exposed what does it all mean?
All right. Let's go to Alabama. Get your thoughts on this race. It appears very, very tight. We keep having back and forth all night long as relates to the New York Times projection. One of the latest Joe Concha. You are following this numbers closely.
All right. Two third chance. We also watched that meter on election night 2016. And it was like 99 percent Hillary. It made its way over. Do you think there are enough outstanding votes in red counties in Alabama for Moore to pull this out? And what are the national implications in your view, Dr. Gorka?
Already. We appreciate -- Tammy, you want to weigh in quick?
How big was McConnell screw up in this, because from that get-go he was against Mo Brooks and get-go he went all in on Luther?
All right. More on the Alabama senate special election as we continue right here on Hannity.
Fox News alert, huge breaking news tonight. It is a close race in the Alabama special election. Also tonight Fox News has obtained the anti-Trump, pro-Hillary Clinton text messages between the FBI agent Peter Strzok and his FBI lawyer girlfriend Lisa Page. We are pouring through them real quick, what do you see?
All right. We will have more analysis on this tomorrow. Stay tuned. Fox News coverage continues on the Alabama Senate race.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 73  ***************************************************
 Richard Jewell, 33, a former law enforcement officer fits the profile of the lone bomber. This profile generally includes a frustrated white man, who was a former police officer, a member of the military or police want-to-be who seeks to become a hero. You see that in the newspaper. What did you think?
This case in my life in 1996 -- it changed my life. Because it made me realize you cannot rush to judgment. Let's look at examples where many of my so-called colleagues in the media and other people rush to judgment. Look at the Duke Lacrosse case for example. I didn't rush to judgment. College students had their lives ruined when they were, it turns out, falsely accused of rape.
Everyone on the media, everyone on the left, they rushed to judgment. They were convicting these kids before the truth ever came out. No benefit of the reasonable doubt. No presumption of innocence. And in fact, a group of 88 Duke professors without any evidence signed their names to a paid advertisement in a Duke school newspaper that read, quote, "Regardless of the results of the police investigation, what is apparent every day now is the anger and fear of many students who know themselves to be objects of racism and sexism who see illuminated in this moment's extraordinary spotlight what they live with every day."
That was a rush to judgment. And I said it was at the time. Almost everybody smeared and slandered those three Duke Lacrosse players, wanted to throw them in jail. It turned out they didn't do it. How many times on this show have you heard me condemn former President Obama that he rushed to judgment in high profile race cases all while ignoring massive amounts of violence in his adoptive hometown of Chicago. You may remember this.
The president, a lawyer, from that position rushed to judgment every single time. And as I pointed out many times in the show was completely wrong every time. Hands up, don't shoot turned out to be a lie. Some still regurgitate that lie today. George Zimmerman was found innocent in the Trayvon Martin case by a jury of his peers. And all of the cops in the Freddie Gray case were acquitted. I was right on all of these cases.
In other words, one of the reasons I have been right in so many of my bratty friends in the media that are overpaid and lazy like fake Jake Tapper, is they rush to judgment. I don't. Jake, listen to the whole two hours of my radio show today. It's one of the reasons we have been more right than wrong. We're not always right. When we're wrong, we'll tell you. We here right on this program, we didn't say hands up don't shoot. We waited.
We were right on Freddie Gray. We were right on the Cambridge police. Every single person in this country deserves the presumption of innocence with the allegations against Judge Moore, none of us knows the truth of what happened 38 years ago. The only people that would know that are the people involved in this incident. Here is another perfect example. Now, when it came -- some will say Hannity, when it came to Bill Clinton's sexual misconduct, on the one hand, Democrats didn't care, he had the right politics. Hillary called it a vast right wing conspiracy never called out her husband.
Unlike the left, I actually worked, reported, did my research. And I went and interviewed all of these women. And I looked them in the eyes and interviewed them. Let them share their stories. I did my job. They should do theirs in the media.
He assaulted you?
He touched, grabbed, fondled, and kissed you against your will.
And it is an allegation that is not made by one woman, it's made by multiple women.
And many of these cases, Democrat for politics, political reasons said these women should not be believed. I don't think they ever interviewed them. You might remember James Carville saying, well, he drag $100 bill through a trailer park in the case for Paula Jones. And look at how they treated Monica Lewinsky. That became beyond shameful. And we can't forget the Clinton Foundation. Really?
Democrats care so much? On this show we have been the most outspoken about Hillary taking millions and millions of dollars from countries like Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Kuwait, the UAE, Brunei, Oman and they have the most horrendous human rights records in terms of how they abuse women. How they kill gays and lesbians such for being who they are and Christians and Jews. I don't remember anyone else in the media talking about it.
In other words, nobody should be pointing fingers and passing judgment. We have got to know the truth. This is an issue that transcends geography culture, political ideology. Now sadly sexual misconduct in America is rampant. That is the truth. Just look at what's happening in Hollywood today. After Ben Affleck, he was forced to apologized for grabbing a woman's breast on live television.
Dustin Hoffman apologized after two women accused him of sexual misconduct. They admitted it. Kevin Spacey accused of sexually abusing multiple young teen boys. He is now in rehab. Famed director. Remember Roman Polanski? He pled guilty to raping a 13-year-old girl after he gave her Quaaludes and booze. And was quoted as saying, quote, "afterwards, oh, she's a double victim."
He still escaped from justice. My victim and the victim of a press. And of course, we all know now about the allegations swirling around Harvey Weinstein who also checked himself into rehab. And now we have a comedian, Lewis C.K., he is been accused tonight of committing multiple acts of lewd conduct by The New York Times. I can't stand Louis C.K. But does he deserve the presumption of innocence? Everybody America does.
We reached out to him tonight for comment. They want to come on the show? The accusers of Judge Moore want to come on the show? They are all welcome here. This brings us back to Roy Moore, Judge Moore. Any accusation of sexual misconduct is beyond deeply disturbing. I say that as a father, as a brother. But every person in this country deserves the right, the presumption of innocence until proven guilty.
We should have learned a lot from Duke and a lot from Ferguson and a lot from what happened down in Florida with Trayvon Martin. And we should have learned a lot with the Cambridge police. Should have learned a lot from a lot of people. However some members of Congress, they seem to have forgotten this basic right, including even John McCain. He tweeted, quote, "The allegations against Roy Moore deeply disturbing and disqualifying." The allegations? He should have immediately step aside and allow the people of Alabama to elect a candidate they can be proud of."
What happened, Senator, to the presumption of innocence? Maybe, what if somebody came out tomorrow, Senator McCain and said something about you that was false? We don't know. We have to stand up against predatory behavior. But as I said, these are complicated issues. More complicated. And I would just ask every American, learn the lesson that I learned in Atlanta.
Learn the lesson that I have now applied to all of these cases and why I turn out more often right than wrong than my media friends who always rush to judgment. You have to make a decision. You can go interview all of these people and then make another decision. But base it on your own experience, your fact, your believe ability, the people you talk to like I did when I interviewed Juanita Broderick and Kathleen Willey, and Paula Jones and many of the other women that accused Bill Clinton.
Here with reaction tonight, this important issue.
Fox News legal analyst Greg Jarrett, Fox News correspondent-at-large Geraldo Rivera, Fox News legal analyst Mercedes Colwin. I have to start with a personal issue with you. Media Matters which is, has been on a witch-hunt to get me fired. I did almost two hours on radio today on this topic. Did I sound any different than what I sounded like on TV?
In one sentence. Do I deserve two hours of radio?
I thought she was talking about the 18-year-old and the 17-year- old.
OK. That one line was wrong.
That one line was absolutely wrong. I misspoke.
Ideological.
Called her mom ten years later.
Sexual harassment is real. There are predators out there. As a father, it scares the crap out of me. Really does. Are there also times like in Duke where people make false allegations? Are there times where people lie for political purposes?
You have seen hundreds of these cases?
Have people lied to get money?
Are corporations paid just to make it go away because it's cheaper?
You're not a fan of Judge Moore. You said it the other day on this program.
I remember.
I know you did.
You know, Geraldo --
But you know, can I just say this? I learned -- Richard Jewell woke me up. And when he told me -- I remember the first time I talked to him. He goes, thank you. He goes, thank you. You're like -- they were crucifying this guy. First they thought he was a hero. Then he became the profile of a lone bomber. The Atlanta Journal Constitution. I think they have since paid a lot of money like in the Duke Lacrosse case.
That's the point. Once the allegation is made, you know, we're now I think it's December 12 is the election.
Here we are. November 9th.
Mercedes?
Right. You're going to stay. Not that we don't love you.
Welcome back to "Hannity." As we continue to cover the breaking news around Judge Roy Moore, Alabama Senate candidate and the calls for him to step down from the Alabama Senate race. We're joined now by Fox News national security strategist Sebastian Gorka. We continue also with Mercedes Colwin.
Let me just get your general reaction to this. You've been a big supporter of Roy Moore. He's comes under tremendous fire this entire race, especially John McCain's comments from a political perspective. It doesn't matter if it's true. Get out of the way. And it seems like every establishment Republican really never liked him and they don't clearly believe in the presumption of innocence, which should be a little terrifying for every American.
November 9, the election is December 12, a month away. All right. Let me turn to Mercedes. How many of these cases -- you actually are an expert in this area of law.
You do this every day.
What do -- the average person here is like every day. Huge, bold allegations. You think of Duke Lacrosse, and you think of Richard Jewell and you think of hands up, don't shoot. And then you think of, you know, the fact that it's real. There are predator jerks out there. How people know the truth? What are people to think when you have one side saying this, one side saying that?
Not in the press.
What is your success rate? You're a successful attorney.
52 and won 50.
What about the cases that end up getting settled? How often do people lie? I don't know the truth. I don't know the answer. I can't say. It seems suspicious, because we're a month out of an election. And it's 38 years ago.
Can't you understand a woman traumatized sees a guy running for senate. Finally says, I'm not going to be silent. I can understand that.
If this went before a jury, where would it go?
Dr. Gorka, I always say every two years and four years Democrats got the same playbook. Republicans -- poor Mitt Romney. Mitt Romney, I'm annoyed of how he is treated Donald Trump but he was a good person at heart. I liked him. I think he would have been a good President. Mitt Romney had a binder full of women's resumes. Remember how he was treated by the media in this country, the Democrats in this country? You look at examples like that or Herman Cain. I'm friends with him. He is going up in the polls. The day he gets out, nothing. You hear nothing. Because they accomplished their mission or why?
By the way and it is different than Weinstein that goes to sex rehab. It's different than Dustin Hoffman and Ben Affleck who apologized. It's different than Kevin Spacey goes. Some people admit it and some people say no. This goes back to what you said. Do people do it for money? Political reasons? It is more common than people would think?
They'll lie to make money.
That hurts all women that are victims.
And there are women that are victims, predators.
I suspect the last question, Dr. Gorka, we are running out of time. Do you think its politics or you just don't know?
All right guys thank you both. I appreciate it. When we come back, Hillary Clinton finally responding to former DNC Chairwoman Donna Brazile and that she rigged the election. Tomi Lahren and Jessica Tarlov battle it out straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Hillary Clinton finally responding to the bomb shell allegations made by Donna Brazile and the DNC, and the Clinton campaign that they colluded to actually rig the 2016 Democratic primary. The fake news media, they were colluding with her. The fix was in. Take a look.
No, they just signed a private agreement. Bernie Sanders didn't have the agreement. She was in charge of hiring and the money and everything else. And Donna Brazile said it was rigged. Here's reaction. Fox News contributor Tomi Lahren and Jessica Tarlov, why are you laughing?
So Donna Brazile is a liar?
That was --
Why did they write an article that that is one of the biggest lies that Bernie signed the same thing? It's not true.
So let me -- what you're saying is Donna Brazile is a liar? That is what you're saying?
When she said it was rigged.
She called Bernie Sanders that it broke her heart.
I wouldn't want to tell somebody that you don't have a shot because -- what about Hillary controlling the hiring and the finances of the DNC and not Bernie?
This is before.
I honestly believe Tomi Lahren that -- I swear, if the Clintons are on national TV and they put a gun at someone's head for no reason at all and shoot somebody, the left in this country would defend it.
Tomi, I'm sure your feelings are hurt.
Tomi, the left wing media doesn't like you. Shocking.
Yes. All right, but the bottom line is, you know I look at a lot of things. I see that James Comey writes an exoneration of Hillary Clinton. And I look at that and I say wow the fix was in. He did it before even he had an investigation. I see Bill Clinton meeting with (inaudible) in the tarmac and I am thinking the fix is in. And then I see Hillary Clinton, although she denied it for a year, that she paid for this phony Russian dossier full of lies about Donald Trump. And now oh, yeah, it was only research. When she paid for it around denied it. Why do you constantly defend people that are known liars? Continually lying.
No, tell I am what?
Actually I know from firsthand experience because I used to fight with him on the phone about it.
he said that too. Listen. One of the things that Donald Trump shouldn't have done is go on Howard Stern. If you want to be president don't go on Howard Stern.
The point is I know firsthand experience. He was talking about taking the oil back in the day. I talked to him about it. Firsthand experience.
That -- you answer my question. Why the Clintons? Was it a fix in when Comey wrote the exoneration before he did his work? Is that a fix in?
But he is writing the exoneration before he did his work or interviewed the people involved.
You have a problem funding the Russians when she lied and said she didn't --
Fusion GPS that she was paying -- we just learned this week that they met with the Russian lawyer before and after. Hillary was paying them. Tomi Lahren hit him.
Honesty. Is she an honest person?
Tomi, get a response.
You don't think there's anything wrong with her, what turns out she paid for, phony Russian information that was used as --
Yes. She, Hillary Clinton's campaign.
Excuse me. Who knows what she knew. Nobody -- she paid $10 million.
She is her campaign.
I have to roll.
Good to see you.
When we come back, I have a powerful message for you weak spineless Republicans in Washington. Mini monologue is next.
Welcome back to "Hannity." It's been a year and a day since Donald Trump's historic win in the 2016 presidential race. Then candidate Donald Trump, he swept states that long have eluded the Republican Party like Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania. He helped the Republican Party win hundreds of down ballot races all across America. Without a doubt, Republicans, they are propelled to victory, because of very key promises that they made to you the American people over and over again on the campaign trail by President Trump and also the Republicans themselves. 2010. Remember? Republicans got the House, repeal and replace ObamaCare. 2014, got the Senate. Same reason. 2016, they got it all. Give us the House, the Senate, the White House. We'll do this. Now it's time for Republicans in Congress, especially you lazy people on vacation in the Senate all the time, get your act together. You have to make good on these promises. You didn't pass repeal and replace. Now you have the tax bill. You either get this done or get out of the way and make room for more effective legislators. That is tonight's mini monologue.
Last night in our monologue, we gave you a retrospective on why President Trump was able to pull off the historic victory in last year's presidential race. In case you missed it, well, I called in a Fox News on election night to detail what the 2016 election was all about. Take you down memory lane.
To me, this was predictable, but on the other hand, this is a modern-day political miracle you're witnessing before your eyes right now, and that is to go up against everybody, all the pundits, all the pollsters and all the prognosticators out there, and defy all the odds and it's the American people that have said enough is enough. They're tired of the corruption, the cesspool, draining the swamp. All of this things are resonating.
You look at a state like Wisconsin. What are they saying? They want their jobs back. They want the labor participation rate to be lower, in other words more people having jobs. They want America to be energy independent. They're tired of a horrible educational system. Tired of ObamaCare rates going through the roof.
This is not complicated. What is happening now is not working. These guys -- and Donald Trump has gone out there and he outworked Hillary Clinton and he put forward a much better agenda and America said enough is enough with failed policy. That is what this election was about.
All right. In November 2016, the failed policies of President Obama were actively hurting this country. Remember economic growth was anemic. Health care premiums, they went through the roof in spite of all the promises. Illegal immigration was impacting negatively communities all across the country. Taxes is just too high.
On January 20, President Trump was sworn into office and immediately started the process to keep his promises and fix these problems. While the president has been moving as what I call the speed of Trump. Congress, Republicans, they have been dragging their feet. The repeal and replace of ObamaCare died in the United States Senate. Funding for the border wall postponed some of it. Now the Senate is planning to fundamentally alter President Trump's tax proposal. We learned earlier today the Senate plan will delay the best part of it, the corporate tax cut until 2019. Really?
By the way, there's 300 bills that the House has passed that the Senate has not picked up. Nominees to the president's government that haven't been confirmed at this point. If you're a member of Congress, and let's say you're watching this from your second home in the D.C. swamp or the sewer, I want you to listen very closely. I have a message for you spineless Republicans. If this delay goes to 2019, it will be rightly interpreted by the American people as a failure of you doing your job on a spectacular level. These tax cuts are crucial to American businesses. These tax cuts are crucial to getting good paying jobs from overseas, the repatriation money. Spurring the economy hopefully for decades to come.
It's time for senators like Mitch McConnell, John McCain, the others in the Senate, stop lecturing us, the American people. It's time to get to work. I know you say the expectations have been high. If this tax plan gets put off until 2019, you water this down, this failure will be on you. The Republican Party gets trounced a year from now in the midterms? It won't be President Trump's fault. It's not going to be my fault, not talk radio's fault, not going to be the Fox News Channel's fault. It's your fault. You didn't have the courage, the vision, the backbone, the spine, the identity, the courage to put everything on the line for the people you're supposed to serve, the great people of this country, the forgotten men and women of this country who this last election was all about. These are the people that I have spoken about for the past year, on food stamps, out of the labor force, in poverty. They're suffering. They don't have time to wait till 2019. Those that are having trouble buying their first home. Those are the people you're supposed to serve. You're supposed to be public servants.
One year from now if you lose your majority in the House, the Senate, specifically the Senate, you will have nobody to blame but yourself. You'll all pay the price and have your colleagues pay the price at the polls next year, a year from now. It will be your fault. Wake up or go home. That is my message. Best, Sean. Tick tock.
We'll continue.
We're running out of time. I have great news. Our movie "Let There Be Light" which has just taken the country by storm is now adding even more theaters this weekend. Thank you so much for your positive response. Bring tissues if you go. You can find all the new locations at hannity.com. I did this movie because I'm sick of the violence, sex and cartoon characters that Hollywood gives us. Thank you for being with us. Our friend Laura Ingraham. Hi.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 74  ***************************************************
 He also repeatedly called out the fake news media. Watch this.
I'm not finished, fake news. The mainstream media once again hysterical, complete meltdown mode today because President Trump told some truths. Yes, there are a lot of truths here. White supremacist groups -- they are disgusting. They are despicable. All people of good will and conscience agree. But there was both sides causing violence. Want to believe it? Take a look. This is out-of-control violence. It is complete mayhem!
The people that provoked this -- yes, I'll agree, they were the white supremacists. They are the ones that are most responsible. And you know what? Let me say this about some of the protesters. They came out for all the right reasons. This brings out a morally justifiable anger in people, people that are that ignorant. But it does not give these alt-left protesters -- doesn't give people of good conscience even the right to attack them, punch them, hit them, et cetera.
We completely disagree with everything these white supremacist groups stand for, believe in. They're not conservatives. They're not Republicans. We don't know these people, a small percentage of the population. But under the First Amendment in this country, they have a right to say hateful, awful and even racist things, whether we like it or not.
The ACLU tonight, one of the biggest Trump-hating groups, even defended these white supremacists and their right to hold a rally. This group even put out a statement. They said, quote, 'The First Amendment is a critical part of our democracy. It protects even vile, hateful and ignorant speech. And for this reason, the ACLU of Virginia defended the white supremacists right to march. But we will not be silent in the face of white supremacy. Those who stand silent, enable it including the president. And the ACLU also tweeted, 'Not sure' -- pay attention because they're repeating what the president said. 'Not sure who provoked first. Both sides were hitting each other at Justice Park before the police arrived.'
They also added the guy on the ground is a Unite the Right protester. Those in black and red are Antifa protesters. And where are the police, by the way? Is anyone asking that question tonight? Why didn't the Democratic governor, Terry McAuliffe, the Democratic mayor of this city -- why did they not order the police to stop the violence sooner? And if the police were outgunned, like Terry McAuliffe said, why did he not request the National Guard be called in?
Then there's the fact the destroy Trump media -- they will never, ever be satisfied with how many times the president condemns racism, violence, white supremacy, bigotry, the likes of which we saw this weekend in Charlottesville. How many times does this president have to say it? Let's take a look at President Trump's original comments on this before the white supremacist madman plowed into people with his car.
Here's what the president tweeted soon after. Quote, 'We all must be united and condemn all that hate stands for. There's no place for this kind of violence in America. Let's come together as one.' And the president went on to say, 'We must remember this truth, no matter of our color, creed, religion or political party, we are all Americans first.'
Last night, if you remember on the program, I showed how many times over the years has the president condemned white supremacy, condemned the Klan, condemned David Duke. The media never points that out. And after the protest turned deadly, President Trump -- he immediately came out and immediately condemned what was going on. Watch this.
Strongest possible terms. And the ACLU says there were two sides here. All weekend long, the media in this country -- they were unhinged, pretending like they didn't know what the president was even talking about. They ran wild with a narrative that he didn't mention the groups by name, so somehow, that makes him sympathetic to these white supremacists.
President Trump once again -- he came out yesterday. He condemned what happened. He called out these groups by name. They don't pay attention to this part. Watch.
Hate groups, repugnant to everything we hold dear. But of course, that's not good enough for the media and the left wing in this country.
President Trump -- really, when you think about it, he's right and we need to learn from the mistakes of Barack Obama. Nobody, especially the president of the United States, should ever rush to judgment and make a situation worse.
President Obama did it numerous times in these high-profile racial cases while he was president, and he rushed to conclusions before facts came out. Take a look.
President Obama rushed to judgment in four high-profile cases. He got the facts wrong in the end. And guess what? It led to false narratives being created, lies being spread, like Michael Brown, Hands up, don't shoot and that myth. I've covered these -- these issues in detail.
Then there's the issue of the leftists destroying public property, tearing down monuments, like we saw happening yesterday in Durham in North Carolina. You can disagree with these statements. You may not like these monuments. By the way, you can fight politically. You can shout people down and say anything you want to say. But is there not the rule of law that needs to be applied here?
In other words, you can go up so far with speech and say anything you want, but you can't punch. You can't beat -- you can't tackle. You can't fight with people just because you hate what they're saying even when what they say is disgusting. Interestingly, even the ACLU agrees with me and the president on that tonight.
The president also reacted to this issue. Take a look.
Joining us now, author of The New York Times best-seller -- we're now what, 10, 11 weeks on The New York Times list, 'Understanding Trump,' including number one, former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich.
All right, I want to go over truth here because -- and as somebody that lived in Georgia and the South and Stone Mountain and what's happening to these monuments, I think you have a very, very unique perspective, and also the historical perspective you have. But I want to first go over the president repeatedly, repeatedly, repeatedly, repeatedly now for days has condemned white supremacism, David Duke, the Klan and all these groups.
And I watched the media today, and they go insane because he says, you know what? There was violence on both sides. Not all, but there was. And the media went insane because he said it. What's your reaction?
Let me ask about the president saying -- you know, he spoke out on Saturday. I read his tweets again. He spoke out on Monday. He spoke out today. He said it again and again and again, specifically naming them. And he said that he waited until he had facts.
And I compared it to what Obama did. Obama rushed to judgment, George Zimmerman, Trayvon Martin, Ferguson, Missouri, the Cambridge police, Freddie Gray, Baltimore -- was wrong on all counts because he didn't wait for evidence, testimony, facts to come in. Was it right for the president to condemn the hatred, what we saw on Saturday, wait for the facts and do what he did on Monday and today?
I played it…
Again and again!
Let me -- you know, we've both lived in Georgia. And we now have instances and we have other cities, now Baltimore and all these other cities -- you saw it in Durham, North Carolina, yesterday, and it's like ripping down statues of our founders and our framers. The president talked today about, OK, yes, George Washington was a slave owner. Thomas Jefferson was a slave owner.
Are we now heading towards a point -- and he said it's up to the states to decide -- where we are now going to watch history being removed from city after city after city. Is that where we're headed, for example, in Stone Mountain, Georgia? I know you've been to Stone Mountain. There is a carving on Stone Mountain. And you have the president of the Confederacy up there, Jefferson Davis and others. And is that going to be sandblasted next week?
Stay right there. We'll have more with Speaker Gingrich right after the break. Also, Laura Ingraham tonight. She'll weigh on the president and -- firing back earlier today and all the issues ahead, straight ahead.
That was the president earlier today addressing this week's violence in Charlottesville and the overall state of race relations in the U.S. We continue more with former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich.
Mr. Speaker, I watched the media that is just so openly hostile to him that it doesn't seem to matter anymore what he's going to say or do. And you have made this point many times on this program. But there's a pretty profound point there. If you look at the Obama years -- I've given the statistics many times, 50 million Americans in poverty, 50 million on food stamps, 13 million more on food stamps after Obama, 8 million more in poverty after Obama, lowest labor participation rate.
We now have a million new jobs, and what I hear the president saying is we fix the economy, we create an opportunity in society, if we build in job creation and create wealth and a prosperity in society, it goes a long way. If every American has their shot at the American dream, does that help race relations in America?
Let me -- you know, I'm not finished, fake news, and the president calling out the media repeatedly today. When he said it, I just openly laughed out loud because they are so hostile towards him. And they -- you know, all the times that he said everything that he said about white supremacy and the people responsible for hatred this weekend, it has no impact on them. They actually were trying to make the case after he made the comments on fake news, Oh, he just repudiated everything that he's been saying all weekend. And I'm, like, No, he didn't.
All right, Mr. Speaker, thanks so much for being with us. Appreciate it.
When we come back, today President Trump called the driver who plowed his car into a group of people, killing one woman -- called him a murderer. Laura Ingraham next.
I'm not finished, fake news.
They are actually saying what their narrative was all weekend. Oh, the president must be racist. Oh, the president doesn't condemn white supremacists. I've now played the history of everything he said from the weekend about this incident, about white supremacy, about David Duke, et cetera, et cetera. He said at all.
There is a simple truth here, that there were people on the other side that did take to violence over this weekend. Were they the instigators? No. I blame the white supremacists. They showed up. There are some people who maybe have not white supremacist views who believe in heritage and history, et cetera, and who have other motivations on history at hand, yes, I believe that is true, too. Were there good people who wanted with righteous indignation go after white supremacists? Yes, they're good people, they're standing up against what is morally reprehensible. But as you watch this video and you see this fighting, there is violence there on both sides.
We're learning things, too. That's another issue, and where was Terry McAuliffe and the National Guard? And how much did they know ahead of time? And why didn't they respond? What did you think about the president's comments when he starts talking about, OK, it's up to states and local municipalities what they want to do in terms of dealing with history, he goes, where does it end? He brought up Washington, slaveholder. He brought up Jefferson, slaveholder. Where does it end, Laura?
Laura Ingraham, good to see you. Thanks for being with us, as always.
When we come back, Democrats continue to attack the president over his response to Charlottesville. And the president fired back hard today. We've got more of his take down. That's straight ahead.
That was the president earlier today explaining his original statement about the violence in Charlottesville on Saturday.
Here with reaction, senior fellow at Freedom Works and host of 'The C.L. Bryant Show', syndicated on Red State talk radio, Reverend C.L. Bryant, FOX News contributor Deroy Murdock. You watched the presser today. The president blamed both sides for the violence. Similarly we got that from one of the local chapters of the ACLU. They went on to say not sure who provoked first. Both sides were hitting each other. It seems like the media can't handle what is obviously a truth.
How many times, Reverend, I know you come from the ministry. I know we believe in forgiveness, we've all sinned, fallen short. And you come from a much better place in life than I am, and I mean that with all due deference to the fact that you're a reverend. How many times of the president has to say he condemns white supremacists, that he condemns David Duke, that he condemns neo-Nazis. He said it. We played a montage of him saying it again and again. We played what he said on Saturday, we played what he said yesterday, and he said again today. And the media is like, oh, he's taking back his statements. I don't see it.
That was the message. The racial issues of this country, the ladder of success, the opportunity, I know you talk a lot about this over the years, both of you. What about the president saying, OK, local municipalities decide what monuments they want or don't want. But where does it end? Washington, Slaveholder. Jefferson?
The media doesn't take it that way. It seems like there's nothing he can do that is ever going to satisfy them. And the breathlessness, hysterical, louder coverage, coverage, coverage.
You've been a conservative how many years?
I'm a Reagan conservative. I don't know those people. Do you?
All right, guys, good to see you both. Thank you.
And when we come back, wow, huge news. Clinton email scandal, what happened on the tarmac. Bill Clinton, Loretta Lynch, news tonight, a huge development. Jay Sekulow, Gregg Jarrett weigh in.
Welcome back to HANNITY. So on this program we've been calling for a special counsel to investigate Hillary Clinton and numerous scandals. And now the Washington times is reporting, quote, 'Clinton email case far from closure as the FBI hands over more classified documents to State.' And tonight, the American Center for Law and Justice is reporting that the FBI is reopening its FOIA request into the Clinton-Lynch tarmac meeting, and much more.
Here with reaction, one of the president's attorneys, chief counsel, American Center for Law and Justice, Jay Sekulow, FOX News anchor, attorney Gregg Jarrett. You were lied to on the FBI originally on your FOIA request. They said no such documents exist. There in fact was a back-and- forth between the FBI and the Justice Department, what, 481 pages. They actually put talking points together, and they're not supposed to be political. And they never sent you the talking points, they just put a black page up. Where are we now?
But you were lied to, and you don't have the talking points that the DOJ and FBI should never -- what are you holding up? I can't see it.
His general counsel and chief of staff got the request. It's kind of hard for me to believe that he didn't know.
On a scale of one to 10, how big is this, Jay?
That's been my point forever, and I agree with you. Guys, good to see you both. We'll stay on all these issues. There's a lot of news every night.
When we come back, an important 'Question of the Day' straight ahead.
Welcome back to HANNITY. Time for our 'Question of the Day.' How do you think the president did today as he went into -- my favorite line was, 'I'm not finished, fake news.' Just go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
Remember, this show is the fairness and balance to the establishment, anti- Trump, destroy-Trump media. That's all the time we have left. Thanks for being with us as always. We will see you back here, God willing, tomorrow night.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 75  ***************************************************
 OK, investigate, no evidence. Now, that's not all. Let's go back to January. While testifying under oath, Clapper said there was no evidence that Russia affected the actually vote tallies back in November. Watch this.
Wow. Also back in March during an interview, "Meet the Press," Clapper again said he had not seen any evidence of Russian collusion. Watch this.
Not to my knowledge. And Democratic lawmakers, they've also admitted, even as late as last week, they've seen no evidence of collusion whatsoever. Take a look at this.
Dianne Feinstein, Maxine Waters! So we have no vote tallies that were actually changed. One of the top Democrats in the Senate says she has seen nothing to suggest there was collusion between the Russians and President Trump and his campaign.
Now, again, if we're presented on this program with concrete evidence collusion happened, and it hasn't been out there for months, I promise we will report on it.
So tonight, we ask an important question. Why has there been hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of hours of media coverage about the Trump-Russia conspiracy if there's zero evidence?
Now, the funny thing is now I'm being called a conspiracy theorist because I dare to ask questions. Now, I ask my questions based on the comments of the only one person on this earth who actually knows for sure the source of the DNC emails to WikiLeaks. As far as I know, by the way, I'm the only member of the media who has interviewed Julian Assange multiple times on radio and right here on this TV show.
During those interviews, he told me repeatedly Russia was not the source of the DNC email leaks -- repeatedly. Now, we at this point -- are we at a point in this country that I can't ask a question without being called a liar, a conspiracy theorist?
You know, and it's also now gone to a whole other level that is very dangerous. Now my character is being assassinated. I'm being lied about, smeared and slandered. And the worst part is there are many on the left that are now working hard to get me fired, get me off the air. So this voice of ours on the show -- I don't force you to watch, I ask you to watch, I want you to watch -- could no longer be heard.
There is now a well-funded, well-orchestrated campaign against me in this particular case to silence me by attacking my advertisers. Now, this is all put together by in part a Clinton-founded, in part, Soros-funded, in part, group.
Now, I want to tell you something. This is not hyperbole. What has been happening to me in the last week is a kill shot. They want this show canceled, they want me off the air. It's also an attempt to silence the Fox News Channel and talk radio.
Now, this has been a tactic that has been used against many other conservatives in the past with, honestly, a certain degree of success. And also note, talk radio, Fox News right now represents the only opposition voice, an existential threat to advance everything that the left wants to accomplish in the country. We're the only opposition, and of course, all of you.
Now, we saw what happened to Dr. Laura Schlesinger, Don Imus, Rush Limbaugh, Glenn Beck, and now it's my head on the chopping block.
Now, for the record, I am not and have never been a conspiracy theorist, and asking questions does not make a person a conspiracy theorist. I'm actually curious and I want to get to the answers as certain families have said publicly they want answers. And by the way, they deserve them.
Now, there are conspiracy theorists on TV today, like those that work at MSNBC and CNN and ABC, NBC, CBS. And then of course, we have all the unnamed sources, always in The New York Times, Washington Post, by the way, that are now being debunked regularly. We'll have more on that in a minute.
But first, this effort has really not gone far, and the reason is all of you out there in this audience. You have shown me all of your support, and it has been extremely humbling. And because of you, now, one of my advertisers, USAA, has come back on the show because you stood up for me, free speech and this program. You spoke out, your voices have been heard.
No, he actually said "some." And, Maddow, you know, "Trump's speech could be a 'gateway drug' for the KKK becoming mainstream in the GOP." Really?
But there's a lot more. Back in 2011, Maddow tried to explain away then-congressman -- this is actually one of my favorite -- Anthony Weiner's graphic lewd tweet. Watch this.
Now, hacking can occur. Not this time.
Then in 2013, in order to mitigate the role that radical Islam played in the Boston Marathon bombing, Maddow introduced several kind of bizarre conspiracy theories in this rather strange rant. Watch this.
Now, of course, there was also that time that Maddow theorized that Republicans may be pushing assassinations as an actual political tactic. Wow! Watch this.
Now, as I mentioned earlier, this is very important to me, freedom of speech is. I'm against boycotts. I've stood up against them my entire career, even when Bill Maher was on ABC's "Politically Correct." I applaud the fact that our next guests say, OK, if the left stops, they will stop. If the left starts to live up to their standard of freedom of speech, every voice should be heard and the viewers get to decide.
Now, I got to tell you, I didn't notice one single liberal cable host -- by the way, Lanny Davis was the only one that stood up for me. One liberal cable host that said, "Let Hannity say what he wants. Leave him alone." Just like I defended -- I would not be a part of a Stephen Colbert boycott or a Bill Maher boycott or any of these other show boycotts.
You know, so maybe it's time -- let's stop the liberal fascism. Let's stand on the principle of freedom of speech.
Brian Maloney, Melanie Morgan join us tonight. Thank you both for being with us.
And by the way, I was blown away on a personal level -- I've known you guys for a long time -- unbeknownst to me, I guess back a month or so ago, you guys sent "Stand with Sean" -- I didn't even know you were doing it.
Melanie, tell us how this came about. And I remember contacting you at the time, thanking you because I've kind of been under fire for a while now. It gets a little lonely sometimes there.
You know, when Maher suggested incest with the president and his daughter, and people wanted me to support a boycott or a campaign against it, or the vile crap that Colbert spewed, I said no and I tweeted it out. Just to be -- just to be clear here, Brian, this is not a boycott. You're doing what the Soros-Clinton group is doing to me, exactly the -- almost the same words, right?
I am blown away by it, actually.
I couldn't believe what I was seeing today. I just couldn't believe the impact you guys had.
Yes. Let me ask this...
It's crazy!
But let me ask -- we're running out of time, and I went long because I had to explain all this. Your guys are saying you want people to contact. You want the advertisers to know what these shows are saying that they're supporting, and you're also saying that if they stop, you'll stop. But if they're not going to stop these...
... liberal fascistic tactics, if you will, you're going to keep going. And it's now, you know, fighting fire with fire, right, Brian?
It's crazy!
All right, guys, thank you.
Up next, new revelations, really important revelations about deep state leaks. We'll explain. We have a mini monologue coming up next and we'll get reaction from former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich.
And also on this busy breaking news night...
The DHS secretary John Kelly says the dangerous leaks that are coming out of Washington, attacking the president, those surrounding him have now crossed the line into treason. Jay Sekulow, Sara Cater, John Solomon are here with a breaking news report straight ahead.

Welcome back to "Hannity." So while the deep state, the propaganda media are so busy trying to take down Jared Kushner now, there's a massive story that is being ignored. It's a story that you'll only hear about right here on "Hannity" and the Fox News Channel. And that is tonight's mini monologue.
All right, Jared Kushner is now in the deep state and propaganda media's crosshairs. Last week, The Washington Post ran wild with the story. Here's the headline. Quote, "Jared Kushner now a focus in Russia investigation."
Now, after creating that feeding frenzy, The Washington Post, citing once again all these unnamed sources -- they published another article accusing Jared of trying to set up back channel communications with the Russians. Now, the Trump administration has pushed back against the claims, and the destroy Trump media again breathlessly hyperventilating about this report - - well, they conveniently forgot that President Obama -- he tried to do the same thing with Russia.
And remember, CNN, they take the cake when it comes to fake news sources. Look, for example -- take a look at this quote. "Sources -- Russia discussed potentially derogatory information about Trump and associates during campaign." Now, those are serious allegations, but again, well, there are no on the record sources. There's never on the record sources! It's only the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the targeted leaks from the deep state.
Now, later in this segment, we're going to show you a long list of examples on the side of your screen. And also tonight, a massive story that the propaganda media is ignoring. Last week, Sara Carter, John Solomon of Circa.com -- they will join us later in the show tonight with more details -- they published two massive, explosive reports about how the Obama administration was trampling on the Constitution, your 4th Amendment privacy rights, and illegally spying on you, the American people.
Now, take a look at one of the headlines. Quote, "Obama intel agency secretly conducted illegal searches on Americans for years." And Circa -- they also broke another major story with the headline, quote, "Declassified memos show the FBI illegally shared spy data on Americans with private parties" -- huge, massive stories that exposed a major constitutional abuse by your government! The media doesn't care.
Well, it happened under the Obama administration, and because they are salivating at any chance to destroy the president, his son-in-law or anybody around the president. This is exactly why President Trump needs to finally purge the deep state.
Here with reaction, the author of the new -- it's a best-seller and it hasn't been released yet -- "Understanding Trump," former Speaker of the House, FOX News contributor Newt Gingrich.
How does your book become number one and you didn't release -- how does that happen?
There's an understanding here, though -- I mean, I mentioned about the assault. You've seen it over the years, all of us that are conservative. You lived through it when you were speaker. But this effort to silence conservatives, this effort to destroy anybody -- all the collateral damage they can get around the president -- what you make of it all?
You know, I watched with, for example, General Flynn, and in his particular case, he was reaching out to his future counterpart. Jared's back channels -- well, didn't Obama do that with this horrible Iranian deal? And when he sat with Medvedev and he said, Tell Vladimir I'll have a lot more flexibility when I get reelected? That seems to me to be a back channel communication, which seems smart. Reaching out to your future counterpart, reaching out to a country in the hopes that you can begin a dialogue for the betterment of both sides does not seem so sinister.
And by the way, I say this -- I'm going to put up on the side of the screen all the deep state leaks under Trump so our audience can see. What's your response?
All right, Mr. Speaker, stay right there. We have another segment. More with Speaker Gingrich when we come back. And also later tonight.
This is such a big story. The DHS secretary says the leaks out of Washington, the deep state, can be described as treason. Jay Sekulow, Sara Carter, John Solomon weigh in as we continue on this busy breaking news night.
Welcome back to "Hannity" as we continue with the former speaker of the House, Newt Gingrich.
All right, I want to put back on the screen all of these leaks, deep state leaks against the president, because there has been so many. To me this is such a grave danger because in many ways what they are doing not only is unconstitutional, in the case of General Flynn violating the Espionage Act. But it seems to me if they can, and we'll get into this with Carter and Solomon next segment, if they can surveil, unmask, release raw intelligence against Americans which is illegal, that seems to be foundationally something that would be a dictatorship, that's something that would be a police state if the government is literally surveilling, unmasking, and releasing intelligence, which has happened, and we know it has happened.
And they have been proven wrong. Like the deputy attorney general didn't say he was going to quit. We learned that Comey didn't ask for more money, they didn't need more money according to McCabe. And even the Comey memo is problematic because that would have meant if he thought it was obstruction, he would have violated two felony laws because that was in January coming and he testified in May that nobody ever tried to get him to do that.
So I have an FBI friend. We were talking this weekend. You talked in the last segment about how risk is when they are investigating, if you don't get a fact right or if you forgot an email that you sent -- not necessarily sometimes that you do something wrong, but it is a perjury trap for people. And my friend said to me, and I love the FBI. I love law enforcement. I respect them. And I would want to help them. And he goes the fact is that you can never talk to them. I said, what do you mean? If they come and ask you questions, you have got to shut up. And I'm like, even if I can help them? He goes, if you get something wrong you could be charged with lying to FBI. There is something radically wrong with that system, isn't there?
All right, Mr. Speaker, and it would be nice if maybe we could get away from some of the nonstop attacks, all the distractions, so maybe the president's agenda that he promised the American people to get people back to work, out of poverty, off of food stamps, and get people back in homes -- with the lowest home ownership rate, it would be nice if we could focus on those things. It's good to see you, sir.
Thank you. And up next tonight on this breaking news night tonight here on HANNITY --
More on that outrageous statement and hopefully not a true statement. That's scary. DHS Secretary John Kelly saying, talking about the dangerous leaks that are coming out of Washington, it could have crossed a line into treasons. Jay Sekulow, Sara Carter, John Solomon will weigh in on this busy news night. Stay with us.
That was a DHS Secretary John Kelly suggesting that the numerous leaks are borderline treasonous. Here with the reaction from the American Center for Law and Justice Jay Sekulow, "Circa News" Sara Carter, John Solomon. Good to see you all. Sara, I will begin with you. You guys keep unraveling the layers of the onion here. You had a very big story last week. I just mentioned with Newt Gingrich, listed all of the leaks. What's new, and how bad is it?
Where are we in terms of your discovery? And we've had the admission by Brennan last week of unmasking, and that is something you reported in detail. How deep is this going to come out to be inasmuch as how bad is it?
This is chilling. Guys, stay right there. We'll have more with Jay Sekulow, Sara Carter, John Solomon, as we continue on this busy breaking news Tuesday night. Thanks for being with us.
As we continue on "Hannity" with Jay Sekulow, Sara Carter, John Solomon. All right, go back to your report, I was actually on vacation. There was a lot of people that speculated otherwise, Sara, but welcome to my world. But go back to the report on I believe it was Thursday night when you guys wrote that up.
We're short on time. Jay, are there going to be arrests here? Do the administration now know the severity of the deep state? Are they going to stop what is happening here and the violation of law, the committing of felonies, and, you know, the trampling of our constitution and our Fourth Amendment rights?
Last word, John.
Yes. All right, guys, thank you all. Your reporting has been amazing. I think it is one of the biggest stories that we have had in our lifetime, and people better pay attention because this is really serious. Thank you both. Thank you to all three of you.
When we come back, a very important "Question of the Day." We need your input straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Time for our "Question of the Day." So do you think that deep state leaks are hurting this country? I believe it is. We want to hear from you, Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
That's all the time we have left this evening. Set your DVR, we hope you never miss an episode. Hopefully, it's not my choice, but I want to be here. We'll be back here tomorrow night. Thanks for being with us. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 76  ***************************************************
 It was rigged. Now, we reached out for Clinton's communications director Nick Merrill for comments about Brazile's claims. Now he directed us to the statement that he wrote on Twitter, that reads in part. "Cruz of all of this bluster about DNC and HFA is Sanders didn't have the same opportunities to work with the DNC simply are not true. They opted not to."
Oh, really? You are really telling me Bernie Sanders had the same opportunities to control staffing and strategy and money and the head of the DNC, at the time that lifelong Clinton ally Debbie Wasserman-Schultz? Give us a break. Hillary had a secret sign contract. So, what they just told you is a lie.
And by the way, countless Democrats must have known that Hillary had rigged the system and those are the people that stood by and said and did nothing. And then there is poor Bernie Sanders, he knew now that the system was rigged and yet he still supported Hillary Clinton in the general election. Where is his backbone? And today, Nancy Pelosi dodging questions when the reporters tried to ask her about all of this.
This is the highest level of corruption we have seen in our lifetime. Every single person that voted for Hillary Clinton you should be outraged. Especially those that voted in the primary for Bernie Sanders, you were ripped off. This was a stolen election. It is a massive scandal. It is now dividing the Democratic Party. This will hunt Hillary Clinton for the rest of her life. Now, that smoking gun story broke just yesterday.
But if you turned in to your network news broadcast last night, you wouldn't even know that this story existed. News buster's report today not one single second of coverage was dedicated to their story. Not on ABC, CBS and definitely not on NBC. Now this shouldn't surprise us. They are all driven by radical left wing ideology and politics. They are supposed to be fair and balanced to report the facts.
Now, this is called a bias of omission and it is the media's favorite trick to bury stories that look bad for their friends, their comrades, their Democratic Party. But unlike them on this show, we'd promise we will expose truth and we do it every night. Now tonight turned to another shocking revelation from Donna Brazile, not only she is calling out the corrupt Clinton machine but she also had a free choice word for former President Obama and how he nearly bankrupted the DNC.
She wrote, quote, "Obama left the party 24 million in debt, 15 million dollars in bank debt. And more than eight million owed to vendors after the 2012 campaign and had been paying that off very slowly. Obama's campaign was not scheduled to pay it off until after 2016." Now months after being corrupted by Hillary Clinton and bankrupted by Barack Obama, the fledgling DNC is facing yet another scandal this time over a staffing e-mail first obtained by the Daily Wire from a Democratic technology manager.
Now, this e-mail encourages staffers to look for candidates for some open positions. However, the manager then goes on to write this. I personally would prefer that you not forward literally the straight white males since they are already in the majority. Wow. Now, we reached out to the DNC and the personal wrote the email for comment shocking, well, we haven't heard back.
This is just one more example of the Democratic Party. They pretend that they're in an inclusive party for everybody all while actively now proven discrimination against people. And also tonight, new developments in the real Russian collusion story. And of course, I'm talking about the anti- Trump-Russian dossier bought and paid for, we now know by the Clinton campaign and created by a former foreign spy using false Russian intelligence.
All designed by Hillary Clinton, her campaign to use false Russian intelligence to now steal the general election just like she stole the primary from Bernie. And that is not all. The Clinton campaign funneled the funding of this document through a third party source in order to cover their tracks. But Hillary Clinton, she wants all of us to think, this is a none story because the dossier didn't come out until after the election. Watch this.
It was used by the Democrats and people of the media. Her statement is not just true. It is a lie. On November 1st, I'll give you one example. 2016, only days before the election. David Corn, left winger, he had a lot to say on MSNBC about the former spy Christopher Steele and of course this Trump dossier with salacious lies about Donald Trump. Watch this.
Okay. It just blows Hillary Clinton's comments totally out of the water. But to steal a line from Hillary herself. Oh, what difference does at this point does it make? Her campaign still funded a former spy to put together sketchy false Russian intelligence in order to smear the character of Donald Trump and influence an election, and influence the American people. And by the way, according to a brand new report, at the Daily Caller, the law firm that Clinton used to covertly fund this dossier, Perkins Coie was also responsible for helping the DNC avoid an FBI investigation after their servers were hacked.
Now I wonder who Debbie Wasserman-Schultz got that law firm recommendation from. How is it that Hillary Clinton, think about this. How did she delete 33,000 subpoenaed emails BleachBit as it was the servers and then of course used a hammer on Blackberries and iPhones? And why is it that Debbie Wasserman-Schultz, what's going on here? She does the same thing. She had an I.T. guy with busted up hard drives in his garage and did the whole with the police and the laptop.
I'm telling you there is so much evidence. What is wrong with the Democrats? How do they get to continue to obstruct justice? I'm telling you, we are only starting to touch the surface here. This is one of the corrupt -- most corrupt scandals that you've ever seen. And it's more than just bad optics. According to Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett who will join us in a few minutes, Hillary Clinton, others in her campaign may have broken serious election laws and you can see them on the side of your screen right now.
And then of course, there's the Uranium One scandal, now that had put a course on national security risk for their benefit. When Hillary Clinton was one of what, nine people to approve the sale of a North American Uranium producer to let's see, the hostile regime of Russia, the bad actor Vladimir Putin giving 20 percent of our uranium to Russia when we don't have uranium, we have to import uranium.
Hillary did this all while Bill Clinton, he got a huge payout from Moscow, the Clinton Global Initiative got huge donations up to $145 million with people associated with the Uranium One deal. And according to Gregg Jarrett, Clinton may have broken multiple fraud and bribery laws including wire fraud, mail fraud and many others. And let's not forget about Hillary Clinton's e-mail server scandal.
Remember, mishandled national secrets, top secrets, special access program, confidential information, all top secret while she was serving as secretary of state. Well, there, she may have broken multiple laws as well. These are very serious crimes. They must be investigated by our Justice Department and the Clintons must finally be held accountable for their actions. Now, we'll talk to Gregg Jarrett and others in a few minutes to break all of this down.
Meanwhile, the president rightly is now calling out the Justice Department for not investigating the Russian collusion story within the Clinton campaign and the Democratic Party. Here's the president from earlier.
Now, the president continued to air his frustration with the Justice Department and on a local radio station. Let's listen in.
Now, the president is right. Where is the investigation into Uranium One? Here is some good news. As I have confirmed at the top of the program exclusively, multiple high-ranking DOJ sources, DOJ sources had confirmed directly to me that the Attorney General has not recused himself from the Uranium One issue. That is huge news tonight. Now, where is the investigation into the Clinton takeover, the DNC?
Where is the investigation into the Clinton founded fake Russian news so- called dossier with lies and salacious materials to propagandize the American people before an election? So, we need to know. Where is the Justice Department on all of this? Will there be equal justice under the law as we have been saying we need in this country?
And also according to an interview with Sharyl Attkisson which will air this weekend, President Trump believes that this Russia investigation will result in him being proven innocent. Finally, I want to end with some good news tonight which by the way, you'll never hear from the mainstream media because all they care about was delegitimizing this presidency of Donald Trump. All they talk about is Russia, Russia and Russia for a year with no evidence.
Right now, we are getting the best economic news we have had in a long, long time. Something by the way, I was never able to say during President Obama's administration. Now since President Trump took office in January, our economy is taken off. In October, 261,000 new jobs created with manufacturing jobs adding 24,000. Unemployment now is at a 17 year low. Consumer confidence a 17 year high.
And over a million viewer Americans are relying on food stamps, the best numbers in over seven years. The homeowners' rate in the last quarter has risen and more people are in the work force than say seven years ago. Wow! And two years ago, President Trump, he promised to make our economy great, that is exactly what is happening and that is only by getting rid of burdensome regulation.
Hopefully Congress will now step up and do their job. Anyway, joining us now is former national justice director for Bernie Sanders, Tezlyn Figaro is with us. Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett. Former Clinton pollster, Fox News contributor Doug Schoen.
Tezlyn, I guess I got to start with you tonight. I know you are a big Bernie supporter and if I supported Bernie Sanders and I found out the news that we just discovered yesterday, that the fix was in, that the primary was rigged, that she stole the election, that a signed secret deal was made with the Clinton campaign and DNC, I would be apoplectic. And how shocking this could happen in the United States of America in this day and age.
She said she never would not have taken the job had she known that this was all happening. Amazing statement. All right. Before we get to Doug, let me go to Gregg Jarrett. Gregg, you know, when you put together all of these separate issues and all of them, you have this particular case, you have got Uranium One, you've got the e-mail server scandal.
You think --
I want to be specific, you believe that Hillary Clinton's scheme to steal this primary could be illegal and crimes could have been committed. You believe Uranium One crimes. You believe an e-mail, it could be crimes and on the dossier we could have crimes.
Doug Schoen, last night you were on this program, I got tremendous feedback. You worked for the Clintons over the years. You look at these four -- the dossier stealing the election, Uranium One, all of these, the e-mail server scandal. You look at all of them. Stealing an election in the United States of America, rigging an election?
But wait a minute, but this was signed long before that.
Look, this is corrupt. Bernie Sanders was not an honest, my party is rotten to the core. I consider myself a good --
Let me give Gregg Jarrett the last word tonight. Gregg? This begs for a special counsel and has for a long time. Not just the rigging of the nomination to the detriment of Bernie Sanders and maybe O'Malley and others. But also this Uranium One deals in which looks like Hillary Clinton conferred a benefit to a foreign government in exchange for money. The special counsel has to find out whether or not that is criminal and while they're at it, let's take a look at the email scandal, because to me it appears that Hillary Clinton on numerous occasions violated the espionage act by mishandling deliberately classified information.
All right, guys. Thank you all. We have so much more on this bombshell report. Hillary Clinton stealing the election from Bernie Sanders. What laws are in play? We'll debate that next, straight ahead.
All right. Those Trump supporters repeatedly calling for the prosecution of Hillary Clinton. Now, they have been doing this now for a number of years and last night, the president, he continued his call for the Justice Department to investigate Hillary Clinton. Now this following the bombshell allegation she stole, literally stole the election, the primary election from Bernie Sanders.
The president tweeted, quote, "Donna Brazile just stated the DNC rigged the system to illegally steal the Primary from Bernie Sanders. Bought and paid for by crooked Hillary. This is real collusion and real dishonesty. Major violation of campaign finance laws and money laundering, where is our Justice Department?"
Joining us now is Fox News contributor, former presidential candidate Herman Cain. Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi.
Pam, let's go to you. So now we have the issues that I just mentioned. Campaign finance laws. Were they broken? And then we've got the issue on the phony dossier and that she funneled money through a law firm in that particular case with Russian propaganda to influence the election. Now we know that they knew the bribery, extortion, money laundering, kickbacks is all happening. And they still allowed Uranium One to go through.
And then of course the e-mail server scandal. If Pam Bondi, attorney general says, Sean Hannity, I want 33,000 e-mails and I delete them, and BleachBit them and I break up my Blackberry and my iPhones, you throw me in jail I'm suspecting.
You are right. Herman Cain it is about the rule of law and an equal application of the rule of law. And the American people are previous smart. I think most Americans knew, subpoenaed that e- mails that were deleted and bleached bit and hammers to devices that was a good sign. And then on Uranium one it didn't give good sense to give that to Russia and now we learn she stole a primary election. And the mainstream media doesn't mention it. ABC, NBC, CBS, their evening newscast not one word about it, Herman.
Herman I will give you the last word here. She stole the election and she paid for Hillary Clinton bought and paid for Russian lies, propaganda to influence our election. And sold out national security and never made sense on the uranium one deal. And the e-mail server scandal that incontrovertible to me, laws were broken. Politically speaking this is not really about Hillary, it is about -- do we have a dual justice system. One for Hillary Clinton and her cronies or and one of the rest of us.
All right guys, thank you. Up next. Someone who knows a lot about Hillary Clinton's dirty campaign tricks, Kellyanne Conway, she will weigh in and joins us right after the break. Plus, will they DOJ ever launch investigation into the so many Clinton scandals. How will we deal with this in our country? That is straight ahead.
That was the president earlier today saying he is disappointed in the Justice Department over its failure to investigate. A lot of corruption with Hillary, the Democrats. Joining us now with reaction, Counsel to the president Kellyanne Conway. I don't even know where to begin. I just think especially on the Russian dossier. Now that we know she was in control of the DNC. And we learned $12 million or whatever the figures $10 or $11 million, it just keeps varying. Bu we do know this, all of the money was bought and paid for by Hillary, because she was in control of the DNC. The DNC funded money to a particular law firm, the same law firm that Hillary and Bill used. They fund the whole dossier. It is all full of Russian lies, propaganda and misinformation. Everybody on the left said they care about Trump-Russian collusion. Look at where we are? You know, we have the evidence here.
I have watched since the campaign and watched you to do a lot of interviews and now you have Hillary stealing an election and paying for Russian lies to influence the American people and steal the general election. We know she stole the primary election and rigged against Bernie Sanders, then you got all the e-mail server issue and then you got the uranium one, which I think is the worst, because we import uranium and we don't have enough Uranium. And in spite of knowing all of the crimes that Putin's agents were committing in America in 2009. Hillary and Eric Holder and several other people still signed off on it and then you follow money trail, they benefitted hugely and financially on the back end with 145 million kicked back to the Clinton foundation and Bill doubling his speaking fees and meeting with Vladimir Putin, because wanting to meet with nuclear agents in Russia. That is, to me that is selling out our national security.
Hillary, she stole the primary.
She stole it from Bernie. A communist socialist like him.
Without the rigging and including the super delegates, I would argue that probably Bernie Sanders won.
Kellyanne, always appreciate you being with us. When we come back. Our investigation continue, Hillary Clinton's friend in the media, they continue to expose themselves giving next to zero coverage that she stole a primary and we'll explain why it is it a serious issue. So much more in this busy Friday breaking news night, tonight on Hannity.
Welcome back on Hannity. Earlier today President Trump tweeted the rigged Democrat primary and one of the biggest political stories in years got zero coverage on "fake news" TV network last night. It is disgraceful. It is disgraceful. Here with reaction, former Obama economic adviser Austan Goolsbee, Fox News contributor Kevin Jackson. Look, I think you are a Hillary person, Austin, I get that, that is fine, but what about all of those people. They had a contract, Hillary was in charge of everything. Hiring and every bit of money and every decision and she had total control, Bernie the sucker never knew and he was in a rigged primary and super delegates on top of it. I would think you would be angry, I mean you want free fair and honest election and you are an honest guy.
A little annoyed? A stolen election you are annoyed.
Elizabeth Warren said it was rigged.
I like you too much. Take the shovel out of your hand.
But she stole the primary and she used fake Russian propaganda she bought and paid for with the dossier which we didn't know before. Kevin Jackson?
We are rejecting what Donald Trump said the compared Ben Carson to a child molester when he said that Ted Cruz's father was in the JFK assassin.
He is. And she is crooked Hillary.
They had a contract.
Hey, listen, she stole a primary and the fix was in. And it was rigged. Bernie had no shot and if I am a Bernie supporter, I would be less than a little kind or concerned. I would be livid. This is United States of America. Free and fair and there you go.
All right. I got to go. Thank you both. When we come back. Big Announcement. You don't want to miss it straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." Remember last night on the executive producer of a brand new movie called "Let there be light" we are an independent film. Only 373 theaters last weekend, it was the big movie breakout hit of the weekend. We're very, very humbled, appreciative so many of you liked it. The reviews have been incredible from so many people. The testimonials have been incredible. Hollywood has a formula. It is sex, violence and superman, Spiderman, Batman 99 or Jennifer Aniston falls in love or out of love with some new Hollywood actor. That is not our formula. So many times our values as conservatives or Christians are impound or not looked at when you go to movies. It's a special movie called "Let there be light." I promise it will be intellectually stimulating. It will touch your heart, your mind, your soul. And most people cry. Anyway, we now have 700 locations this week. So many more of you will be able to see it go to hannity.com to find out where it is playing near you. By the way, here is a quick clip from the movie.
This weekend bring your whole family to the movie. I promise you this is a movie liberal Hollywood would never ever dare make. You are making it successful. Now in 700 theaters. Hannity.com and I hope you enjoy it. If you go, you probably want to bring tissues. That is all the time we have left tonight. Thank you for being with us. Have a great weekend. Hope you see the movie. See you back here on Monday. Laura Ingraham straight ahead.

show#: 77  ***************************************************
 As the president did Monday, as he did yesterday -- the president condemned now over and over again the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists, other hate groups. But he also laid out some of the facts about what happened. Here are the facts nobody wants to tell you.
Here's the video from Saturday. Everybody agrees these white supremacists -- you know what? They evoke a natural rage in people. And the people who provoked everything were them, the white supremacists. They are without question the most responsible in things that happened here. And every decent, good American should unequivocally oppose everything they stand for.
But there is violence, what the president said is true, that came from both sides. That is clear from the video that you're watching. What seemed to set the media off yesterday is that the president said there was violence on both sides. Whether we like it or not, this is an important point.
The First Amendment does protect even hate speech. It's why even the ACLU defended these white supremacists and their right to say what they want to say, whether or not we like it or not.
You are not allowed in America under the rule of law to get into fist fights, to punch people, engage in fighting because you don't like what they say.
Despite those facts, the media is living in an alternative universe. Why? Because all they want to do is destroy the president. Watch this insanity.
That's the guy that said a whitelash? You got to understand something that's going on here. This is very, very important because last week, it was the media. They wanted to convince you last week that President Trump was a madman who wanted to go to war with North Korea. In case you've forgotten, take a look at the tape.
The ideological media in this country is creating a massive information crisis for the American people. Last week, the president is unhinged, a lunatic. This week, he's a bigot. And did you notice -- by the way, anyone in America -- did you notice he scored a massive victory, his peace through strength policies actually worked? Did you notice that North Korea had actually backed down from their threat to fire missiles at Guam?
This dishonesty from the media is beyond despicable, so unfair for the American people. They are doing you a great disservice.
Charlottesville is only the latest perfect example. And let me remind the media -- President Trump has denounced again and again in the strongest terms possible, as he should, these white supremacists.
He tweeted out on Saturday, 'We all must be united and condemn all that hate stands for. There's place for this kind of violence in America. Let's come together as one.'
He also went on to say, 'We must remember this truth. No matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are all Americans first.'
And on Saturday, the president went further and said this.
But all weekend long, the lying media -- they were trying to convince their viewers that President Trump was somehow sympathetic to these white supremacists because he didn't mention them all by name. So on Monday, the president addressed it again. He mentioned them by name, condemned them again. Take a look.
And we played what the president said yesterday, but it's never good enough for a media that has an agenda that's ideological. President Trump -- he's been condemning hate, white supremacist, David Duke for years and years. Now, this is something we're about to show you they will never show you about President Trump. I wonder why. Take a look.
Reject, rebuke, condemn, disavow. When it comes to recognizing the violence that took place and both sides were involved in the fighting, it needed both sides there -- the media isn't even reporting the facts and telling you the truth.
For example, let's take a look at a headline from the Associated Press and their reporter who was actually on the ground in Charlottesville. This is the AP. 'View from the street. Police stood by as adversaries fought.'
They're reporting two sides. So the AP agrees with Donald Trump, this reporter saying the police did not do anything as the fighting went on.
The ACLU tweeted, quote, 'Not sure who provoked first. Both sides were hitting each other at Justice Park before the police arrived.' They added, 'The guy on the ground is a Unite the Right protester. Those in black and red are Antifa protesters.'
Where's the media demanding answers from the Democratic governor, Terry McAuliffe, the Democratic mayor of the city about why the police did not break up the violence. Why wasn't the National Guard brought in?
Hollywood leftists -- they're now losing their collective minds. Remember Michael Moore? Watch what he says about all this. Take a close listen.
There's CNN, disgraceful, even for Michael Moore's standards.
Next up, Chelsea Handler tweeting, Well, it is time for the generals that Trump has appointed to declare him unfit for office. He is unfit and unstable. This is madness.
Chrissy Teigen tweeting Trump is like actually racist? He isn't saying the wrong thing, he is actually racist and means this. Holy bleep LOL what a bleeping -- well, you know what.
Then you have Brian Fallon, Hillary Clinton's former campaign spokesperson. He sent out this tweet comparing the Antifa leftist protesters to the American heroes who stormed the beaches at Normandy to defeat the Nazis.
All these people have now gone off the deep end tonight. We need some calm. We some facts. We need some truth. And America should speak out against all extremism. Now, this started in January. Remember the Women's March in January, Madonna talking about blowing up the White House? Take a look.
Johnny Depp talking about assassinating the president of the United States of America.
Robert De Niro saying he wants to punch President Trump in the face. Take a look.
These are but a few examples of the many, many, many that we could show you! And we can't forget Shakespeare in the Park, and there's also the image so disturbing, you get the viewer warning every time we show it, and that of course, Kathy Griffin posing like an ISIS fighter with a bloody severed head of President Trump. We can't forget about, let's see, threats Snoop Dogg, Marilyn Manson, Mickey Rourke have all made against the president of the United States.
These Hollywood liberals -- they need to stop feigning their moral outrage because, clearly, they don't have the high ground when it comes to hateful rhetoric.
Also tonight, we need to talk about the Democrats and their rampant history of racism. This is something the Democrats, their allies in the liberal media -- they're never going to tell you about, either. Every two years, every four years, they pull out their political ads. They tear the country apart in a pathetic -- it's their only playbook -- attempt to win votes, they divide Americans. Want the proof? We've got the proof. Take a look.
This happens, we can predict, every two to four years, disgusting, offensive. But it compels -- it pales in comparison to what the Democrats have tolerated in their own party.
Here something the media won't tell you. Republicans have been the party of Lincoln, the Emancipation Proclamation. Democrats? What have they been? The party of segregation, the Southern Manifesto.
Remember back in 1956, it was Democrats who introduced what was known as that Southern Manifesto. That's a document to resist the Supreme Court decision, Brown vs. the Board of Education and the ruling in segregation in schools.
Let's see. People like Bill Clinton's mentor, who he praised many times, J. William Fulbright, well, who's been praised throughout his entire career, signed it. It was overwhelmingly signed by Democratic members of Congress in 1956. According to Politico, only two Republicans supported that.
Then we go back to the 1960s, passage of the Civil Rights Act in '64, the Voting Rights Act in '65. Same Southern Democrats that tried to stop these historic pieces of legislation from being passed, including filibustering the Civil Rights Act for months! And then there's the actual vote tallies.
Let's take a look at the no votes for the Civil Rights Act of '64. 112 Democrats in Congress voted against it. 41 Republicans. And then for the 1965 Voting Rights Act, 78 Democrats in Congress voted against it, 25 Republicans voted no.
So I don't understand. The Democrats, the media, that's their history. And some people in the Democratic Party today praised those people that were involved in that history.
Here's another fact the media is ignoring. George Wallace, one of the most racist pro-segregationists in history, Democrat for most of his political career. Then there's Democratic senator, remember the former Klansman?
Wasn't in charge that -- really that long ago, Robert Byrd. He filibustered the Civil Rights Act for over 14 hours before voting against it. And other well-known Democrats, you know, to vote no, well, let's see, that's Bill Clinton's mentor, J. William Fulbright, and even Al Gore's father, Al Gore, Senior.
Once again, you would think Democrats would denounce and force those type of people out of their party. But instead, Democrats did the complete opposite, especially when it comes to Robert Byrd, former Klansman. Hillary Clinton -- we've got the tape -- praising him as her mentor after he died! Take a look.
Her mentor? Was she giving Robert Byrd a pass? He was in the Klan. Now, take a look at what Robert Byrd said to Tony Snow. This was back on Fox News Sunday in just 2001, 16 years ago. Take a look.
Pretty shocking, former Klansman -- would you call someone who says that your mentor like Hillary?
This just highlights the Democrats' massive double standard when it comes to race in America, the divide that they are contributing to. They have made race a political wedge issue in this country for decades, and they have used it, sadly, to rip this country apart.
Last night, we showed you how President Obama -- remember? He rushed to judgment, raced to conclusions before any evidence, any facts came out, any the testimony came out in four particular high-profile race cases, rush to judgment.
President Obama made it a point to associate himself with groups like Black Lives Matter that chant things like, What do we want? Dead cops. When do we want them? Now. Pigs in a blanket, fry 'em like bacon.
President Obama even invited Black Lives Matter to his White House and praised a Black Lives Matter leader, DeRay Mckesson, while completely excusing his anti-police remarks. Just take a look at a couple of McKesson's tweets.
Quote, 'This feared for my life language is perhaps the new execution motto of America's largest gang, the police.' Should someone who spews that hatred really have been invited to Obama's White House? Where was the media's outrage then, let alone he was praised by the president at the time, President Obama.
Then there's the issue of leftists destroying public property and tearing down monuments like what we saw happen in Durham, North Carolina, this week. The left -- they're up in arms over President Trump asking where America should draw a line when it comes to removing these monuments. Well, now, look, people can agree with what they think these statues represent. They have honest disagreement. They don't have a right to destroy property. They don't have a right to be violent because they disagree with what they stand for. We have a political process for that. And as the president said, let local municipalities decide.
If the left is so upset over Confederate monuments, then maybe they should feel the same way about displays that honor racist Democrats, the ones we just told you about. Take a look at this statue, Robert Byrd, the former Klansman in the West Virginia state capitol. The Democrats now think it needs to be taken down? According to a local West Virginia website, there are at least 56 buildings, bridges, highways, centers and other places that are named after Robert Byrd. Do they need to be renamed? Do they need to be taken out?
There are also highways, statues, other things that are dedicated to people like Al Gore, Senior, J. William Fulbright, George Wallace!
If the left, members of the media -- they're going to lose their collective minds over the latest attack against President Trump, I think it's important to remember this in many ways is selective moral outrage.
And more importantly, at the end of the day, a huge distraction. This last election was about the forgotten men and women of this country, people on poverty, people on food stamps and people that cannot find a job! As all these fights go on and all the undermining of the president continues, none of those people are being helped. That is a huge, huge shame for the American people.
When we come back, Herman Cain will react to my Opening Monologue, and then later tonight, Larry Elder, Geraldo Rivera.
Welcome back to "Hannity." And joining us now with reaction to my Opening Monologue tonight, Fox News contributor Herman Cain is back with us -- 9,9 -- all right, I'm sorry.
This is a serious topic. I don't like to see my country in turmoil like this. I can't stand these white supremacist people. And I know the natural reaction people have to it because I have it. But you can't punch them. And then I don't like the way the media with their double standard against the president. I mean, he said it Saturday, he said it Monday, he said it Tuesday, and look at how they reacted.
Here's my -- that's the sad part of it because so many Americans -- I mean, 50 million poverty, 50 million food stamps, 94 now -- we were at 95 -- out of the labor force. So there's real suffering in the country. The agenda is being stopped.
But there is this history of the left. There is this -- how does Hillary Clinton get away with Robert Byrd is my mentor or Bill -- J. William Fulbright is my mentor? Nothing! You never hear of it.
Herman Cain, every two and four years -- I showed the ads -- that card is played every two to four years. And I've got so much more that I can play. And I'm watching what they're doing to the president. He condemned these hateful groups, white supremacists, as he rightly should. But they don't listen to that part. Do you think the American people see this?
We got to get to the business of helping the American people, the economy, keeping us safe.
Herman Cain, always good to see you, my friend.
999 -- those are answers! 999, they work!
Coming up -- in the wake of the tragedy in Charlottesville, pressure mounting for cities, towns to remove Confederate statues. Larry Elder, Geraldo Rivera weigh in next as we continue.
But the president -- but in fairness, Geraldo, I have tapes of him doing it throughout the years. David Duke, white supremacists, throughout the years. He said it so many times during the campaign, you remember, it became an issue. He said he wanted to wait.
Obama made a big mistake because Obama politicized four high profile racial issues and was wrong on all four. So my question is this. So when the president did denounce it again and again, and he sent out the tweets on Saturday, he said it on Monday, he said it yesterday. At what point does that satisfy the need to say I hate these people. And by the way, they are disgusting people.
Larry?
All right, stay right there. We'll take a break. We'll come back. More Larry Elder, Geraldo Rivera, right after the break as we continue.
That was the attorney general, Jeff Sessions, earlier today during a speech in Miami on the issue of sanctuary cities taking a moment to discuss the violent weekend in Charlottesville and emphasizing there is no place in this country for racism, bigotry, hatred, white supremacy, violence.
We continue with Larry Elder and Geraldo Rivera. Larry, one of the big issues, we've looked at the tape, all of us, that the media said -- the president was right. Listen, we all despise these people. They are ignorant, they're hate-filled, they're horrible human beings. We all understand that. And even the ACLU said they have the right to say horrible things. But there were people that were fighting and punching on both sides.
And Geraldo, when you look at the way the media covered it, Donald Trump just justified what happened here. He did not do that.
Nobody is rooting for anybody.
Is it Black Lives Matter that says we want dead cops, is that part of the alt-left?
Do we want dead cops? Would you be a part of a group that says "What do you want? Dead cops. When do you want them? Now."
I could keep you guys on for a whole hour, but I've got to run. Sorry, we're out of time.
When we come back, Gregg Jarrett, Deneen Borelli react to the left's outrage over the president's remarks and the abusively biased press. That's next.
Welcome back to HANNITY. Joining us now, Fox News anchor, attorney Gregg Jarrett, Fox News contributor Deneen Borelli. Good to see you both. Gregg, you were on last night, and we have a green room at Fox. If you are like looking to get things, facts confirmed and figures, et cetera. You did some investigating. What did you find?
Deneen, your reaction to that spread
And Deneen, add the deep state and add weak Republicans, he's fighting them too.
Last word, Deneen.
Thank you both, and I agree with you this country needs to be brought together. Thank you, both.
We have more HANNITY right after this.
Welcome back to HANNITY. Unfortunately that's all the time we have left this evening. As always we truly thank you for being with us. We hope you'll set your DVR so you never miss an episode. We promise we will be the fairness and balanced to the alt-left, destroy-Trump media. Thanks for being with us.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 78  ***************************************************
 Not comparable? It's far worse! And President Trump's attorney, Jay Sekulow, who will join us later tonight, was also bringing up finally this weekend this very important issue on the Sunday shows. Take a look at this.
So finally, we got the establishment media to start talking about Ukraine interfering in our election. Now, we still need more answers from the people who headed the organizations that were involved. That includes Debbie Wasserman Schultz. She was the head of the DNC. She needs to be put under oath and testify before Congress about what she knew, when she knew it.
And the same goes for former Clinton campaign officials like John Podesta because that DNC operative testified that she tried to share information with both the DNC and the Clinton campaign, also, former Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook. He should be seated right next to Podesta under oath to tell you, the American people, what he knows.
This is a serious issue far worse than anything Trump/Russia. And you know, going off my facts, in my opinion, it is worse than the black helicopter tinfoil hat conspiracy theories you've been hearing about for 11 months. And with Ukraine, we have real evidence of collusion. We know real information was passed along and may have ended up in the DNC and Clinton campaign. We know that it did impact the election because Paul Manafort ended up resigning as Trump's campaign manager and chairman.
All that evidence is why we are not going to stop covering this story until you, the American people, get the answers that you deserve.
Also, another massive scandal that the media, establishment media has not paid much attention to and Congress needs to start investigating. And I'm talking about that Uranium One deal that we've been calling the real Russia conspiracy theory. As secretary of state, Hillary Clinton signed off giving up to 20 percent of America's uranium, the foundational material for nuclear weapons, to who? Vladimir Putin, to Russia, the Russians.
And while that was going on, people involved in that deal kicked back over $145 million to the Clinton Foundation. Bill Clinton doubled his speaking fees in Moscow! Doesn't that sound like something the establishment media, congressional investigators, Robert Mueller should be focused on, at least beginning to look into?
Then there's the fake news dossier. Remember the op research firm Fusion GPS that has ties to the Hillary campaign, the Democratic Party, Planned Parenthood? Well, according to those reports, that phony dossier quoting Russians and the Ritz Carlton and hookers was originally commissioned, OK, by a Republican donor, but, eventually, a Clinton ally ended up funding it. Christopher Steele, the former MI6 agent, put this disgusting hit piece together, cited Russian government sources or sources tied to the Russian government. Doesn't that sound like colluding with a foreign government to interfere with an election to you?
Then there's the law firm that has ties to both Fusion GPS, the Russian lawyer who was in that June 2016 meeting with Donald Trump, Jr. What's disgusting about all this -- the Democrats feigning moral outrage about the idea of Russia collusion were perfectly willing to repeat information from that phony Christopher Steele dossier that used Russian sources in some cases. Well, doesn't that make Democrats complicit in this?
Well, we'll let you decide. Take a look at what they were saying about this phony dossier, which is proven false, citing Russians. Take a look.
All three of these issues, Ukrainian collusion, the Uranium One deal, the fake news dossier, all involve actual concrete evidence, real collusion, real wrongdoing, real law breaking. Now, it's why we're not going to stop reporting. We're not going to stop covering these very important issues on the show, and we will demand the media do their job, the establishment media, MSNBC, CNN, fake news, 24/7 the same opinion all day. That's not the same here on the Fox News Channel.
Joining us now, author of the number one New York Times best-seller several weeks in a row on the list, "Understanding Trump," former speaker of the House, FOX News contributor Newt Gingrich.
So we've been trying to get an answer from this Chalupa lady. The article was written back in January. You have quotes from her in there. Doesn't deny it until tonight to CNN? I want her, Wasserman Schultz, Podesta, Mook and Hillary under oath!
Yes, Alan Dershowitz.
Jonathan Turley.
So you have the Ukraine issue, where a real meeting took place with a real DNC worker, operative, whatever position she wants to say that she had, saying in the Politico that, in fact, information was passed on that had an impact on the election.
We have the corrupt Uranium One deal. I won't give the details. Everyone in this audience knows them. And then you had this phony dossier citing Russians, Fusion GPS, Democrats all hooked into them and paying money to this guy. Comey even wanted to pay this guy $50,000. And it was citing Russian sources with bad information.
Why aren't the Republicans putting as much emphasis on this and saying, OK, if you're against outside countries influencing our elections, then we've got to investigate these issues?
145.
It's breath-taking. It's as bad or worse as the -- especially Russia being our enemy, as the Democrats keep telling us. You were kind enough to point something out to me today in a private conversation we had about two reporters writing a book called "Shattered," meaning that they expected Hillary to win, shatter the glass ceiling. Didn't exactly work out the way they wanted, but there's an interesting Russia side note to this. I'll let you explain.
The Russians' fault. The Russians made me do it.
All right, we'll have more with Newt Gingrich right after the break.
When we come back, I have my own list for the Republican Party. If they want to be successful in 2018, four to five things they need to do. We'll ask Newt what he thinks they need to get done.
Then later, President Trump's attorney, Jay Sekulow, will react to the media finally being forced to ask questions on these issues we're talking about, including Ukrainian collusion.
And also tonight...
Anti-Trump protests taking place across the country this weekend. Our cameras were there. And in a mini monologue tonight, I will expose how deep and psychotic this Trump hate has become.
All that and conservative political commentator Tomi Lahren gets the final word on the program tonight as we continue on this busy breaking Monday news edition.
That was the president earlier today at the White House during a "Made in America" showcase of companies and products from all across this great country of ours. And if GOP lawmakers who beg to be elected -- if they want to be successful in 2018, four key things they better get moving with some sense of urgency and accomplish by November of next year, I would say by the end of this year.
They need to have completed -- show they mean they're going to secure the border. At least 300 miles of the border wall need to be built. They also have to finance it and have a plan in place for the rest of the wall to be built.
Second, "Obama care" -- I understand Senator McCain is sick. When he gets back, it needs to be repealed, replaced immediately. Third, there needs to be an energy revolution, as Secretary Rick Perry said today, so we create millions of high-paying career jobs in this country.
And fourth, we better get that middle class, that corporate tax cut, that multinational corporation repatriation for these companies to invest in America and build factories and manufacturing centers. They don't get that done, they won't deserve reelection, in my opinion.
We continue, former speaker of the House, Fox News contributor, author of the best-selling book "Understanding Trump." Mr. Speaker, those are the -- add Neil Gorsuch, and you got five. The president handled the originalist. I would argue if those four things are not done that there is a very strong possibility 2018 could be a shock election for the country, not good for the Republicans.
And I think that's where the millions energy jobs come into play. I think that's where -- you're right. I love the tax cuts being retroactive. That'll will flood the economy with money and investment opportunities, factories, manufacturing centers, the things we talk about.
But I'll take a first step on health care. I'll take health savings accounts opportunities, getting rid of the taxes associated with it. I'll take the opportunity for cooperatives and then getting it better or just repeal it. If that's all they can do for now, do it.
How important -- why are -- you -- look, we've been friends for 25 years. I was there emceeing the night you became the speaker of the House. That's how far we go back, even further. My first interview, I think it was in 1990 with you. And here's my question. You have been urging me to be patient...
... because I'm -- we -- you -- you have been urging me to be patient. I'm run out of patience with these Republicans! They asked for this opportunity!
I'm not...
I'm out of time. OK, it just took you a little longer because you are a more patient person. I will cede that point back to you. But I will say this. I hope they just heard what you said. They don't get it done, they put their own power in jeopardy. You know, keeping your promises is good politics.
Mr. Speaker, good to see you. Thank you. Congrats on the book.
When we come back, President Trump's attorney, Jay Sekulow, weighs in. He'll respond to the media finally being forced to talk about the issues we're discussing, Ukrainian election interference, for example, and the phony dossier, and then of course, the Uranium One deal.
And also tonight...
All right, several anti-Trump protests this weekend. Our cameras were there. We have our special "Hannity" investigation coming up and a mini monologue and get reaction from conservative columnist, our friend, Monica Crowley, and all of that -- our friend and political commentator, conservative Tomi Lahren gets the final word every night of the program this week.
So please stay with us.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So yesterday during an interview ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, Democrat Congressman Adam Schiff said it would be, quote, "problematic if Democrats in fact colluded with the Ukraine during the election." But of course he tried to downplay the comparison when talking about possible Russian collusion.
Here with reaction, one of President Trump's attorneys, he's the chief counsel for the American Center of Law and Justice, Jay Sekulow.
What's fascinating about this, and by the way, you did the five Sunday shows. You have my sympathies, appreciation, and apologies. I don't think anybody should have to suffer through all.
Every 15 minutes. You do them in rapid succession. People don't know that. So you did the five Sunday shows.
You were able, in four of the five you brought up the Ukrainian issue, which there is far more evidence of, and even now Adam Schiff is forced to cover it because it's worse, isn't it, than anything that has been alleged about Trump.
And Chalupa, it was Friday she gives a statement to CNN. She won't respond to us. But otherwise she lets the article go the whole time, from what I have seen, I have saw no other quotes from her. We're begging her to come on this program. And then have you got the Uranium One deal. Then you have the phony dossier where Fusion GPS funding this thing, and it cites Russian operatives with false information. In all of these cases, I can make a strong argument of Russia-Democrat collusion, helping Hillary Clinton collusion. Can you?
I expect the establishment, destroy-Trump media, I have no expectations. They are 24 hours a day. It's the same nonsense. It's only -- we're forcing this story because the facts are so damning. But now they have opened up the door. Now we have got the dossier. Now you have got Ukraine. And now the Uranium One deal takes on far more importance than ever before if they really care about the truth, if they really care about other countries outside influence of our elections. So where are the Republicans demanding and setting up hearings, subpoenas, influencing the - - asking these people questions under oath?
I'm glad to see that the alt left media, the destroy-Trump establishment media that now is going to have to deal with these issues, whether they want to or not, that's a little progress. We're going to keep pounding it until they get it right.
Jay Sekulow, thank you for being with us.
And up next on this busy breaking Monday news edition of HANNITY.
All right, this past weekend, liberal anti-Trump protesters gathered at multiple cities across the country. Most don't even know why they were protesting, and we have the proof. And turnout is pretty small. I have got a mini monologue for them and the establishment media. Monica Crowley joins us.
And also tonight --
Conservative political commentator Tommy Lehner gets the final word every night this week. And that and more as "Hannity" continues straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Over the weekend so-called anti-fascist activists organized what they hoped would be huge and massive widespread anti-Trump organizations all across the country. So how did the protests go down? Well, and just why are so many of these liberals just so angry at President Trump?
We decided to send our cameras all across the country to find out the source of this deep-rooted Trump hate, and that is the subject of tonight's mini monologue.
All right, so the mainstream alt-left establishment media goes on and on about how unpopular President Trump is with you, the American people. But this weekend's protests tell a very different story. Small, sparsely attended rallies across some of America's most liberal cities barely garnered news coverage. Those in attendance, they seemed to be protesting a variety of issues that they attributed to the election of president Trump. And, of course, the anti-Trump hysteria is being pushed by CNN, MSNBC, and other fake news outlets. It was all front and center.
In case you had better things to do with your weekend, which I imagine you probably did, rather than march around with a sign and mindlessly chant rhyming slogans, well, you're going to want to take a look at what went down at Saturday's sad antifascism rallies and the failure that they were. Watch these protestors from New York, Chicago, Seattle. Take a look.
Woodstock revisited. Let's go back to the old days.
Now, why were they so small and so disjointed? Why do these protests even matter to you? Let me tell you why. Maybe the establishment media, 24/7, NBC, CNN, maybe they have it wrong yet again with more fake news. Perhaps most people in this country, the people that get up every day and work hard and play by the rules and pay their taxes, maybe they don't really care about this phony, made up Russian collusion conspiracy theory that they have been shoving down your throat for the last, what, 11 months.
Maybe the people in poverty, 50 million, the people on food stamps, 50 million, the 94 million out of the labor force, the worst recovery since the 40s, worst home ownership rate in 51 years, maybe Americans care of about that, the great people that get up every day and make this country great. Maybe they are really hoping, the forgotten men and women of this country, are actually hoping that President Trump and his agenda work and get the country back on track again and the country becomes great again. They don't care about these stupid signs and slogans.
Coming up, Monica Crowley reacts to this monologue and on Trump hate. And later tonight, conservative political commentator Tomi Lahren, she will have the final word each and every night this week. And she will be on "The Specialist" later this week right here tonight on Hannity.
All right, that was more from the weekend's anti-Trump protests. Joining us with reaction to this weekend's events and much more, conservative commentator Monica Crowley. One lady, we actually showed this on Saturday, said Trump is worse than Hitler. That's how crazy they are. Worse than Hitler. Not even Hitler.
You know, Dr. Gorka did a real couple of beat downs last week, and he is referring this now as the fake news industrial complex and the media is the opposition party. And I'm thinking about this, to what extent, because it's 24/7. They are not covering Ukraine interference in our election. They are not covering Uranium One and quid pro quo and the pay to play. They are not covering the phony dossier to confuse our election, Fusion GPS supporting. Is this people that are motivated and indoctrinated by these 24/7 one note Charlie establishment media people, the sheep in the media?
You know, I will say this. If the president gets the items of the agenda that I talked about earlier in the show accomplished, and the Congress finally moves and does their job, all this noise won't mean a thing if people are back to work, out of poverty, and off of food stamps and buying homes. It won't matter.
And build the wall and keep your promises.
Congress, roll your sleeves up and get your job done. Monica, thank you.
And coming up next on this busy breaking news tenth night tonight on Hannity.
Political commentator Tomi Lahren, she gets the final word every night this week. And tonight she is going to take on the D.C. establishment. And we will find out what she has to say, that and more straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." All this week, our friend, conservative political commentator, Tomi Lahren is going to have the final word on the program. Here is Tomi tonight.
Tomi Lahren, great points, and Tomi gets the final word every night this week here on the program. By the way, don't miss Tomi. She will be on the "Fox News Specialists" this Wednesday at 5:00 eastern. Don't miss it right here on the Fox News Channel.
That's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. This show, always fair and balanced, especially against all the establishment media. We will see you back here tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 79  ***************************************************
 You know, we also know Lisa Bloom has a huge bias here. Now, let's go down this imaginary path because it seems that it could have been-- it could have unfolded before the country. Let's say the $750,000 was paid to this woman.
How does anybody -- how does the public absorbed this, vet this? And what is the likelihood because we have never heard of this payment before that the public wouldn't have known about the payments.
All right. Let me go down this road, too, because I think this is very, very important. I don't know what the answer is, but if this had happened and the public didn't know about the payment, something like this, in my mind, having followed elections, my whole adult life could have changed the result of the election. That's how profound this is. That's why, you know, you don't have an opportunity to vet an accusation like this two days before an election. Do you?
You brought a lot up about the Super Pacs associated with it and in favor of Hillary Clinton. And then there is an outright denial, wouldn't even answer the question if she had talked to them or we have no idea where this money came from?
Well, didn't she always say that she never got -- that she did this pro-bono, right?
Okay. I have heard all these rumors, I guess a lot of people have about some tapes that maybe out there. Have you heard anything about that and my last question, what's next as this story, I assume more will be coming?
How many text messages, emails do you have total?
Will you release all of them just completely so people can read it?
Okay. Unbelievable story. John Solomon, thank you.
I appreciate it. When we come back, more reaction to this exclusive story by John Solomon.
And later, we will talk to President Trump's Attorney Jay Sekulow about this. Also, about Jim Comey, Peter Strzok. The exoneration before the investigation into Hillary Clinton and how that can be untangled, straight ahead.
Welcome back to Hannity. And here with more reaction to John Solomon's explosive report from The Hill, we have FOX News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett. Also Fox News contributors Tammy Bruce, Jessica Tarlov and also U.S. Trial Attorney Rebecca Rose Woodland.
Let me start with the panel here. When you see the urgency, that you go from 10,000, to 50,000, to 100,000, to 200,000 to 750,000 as we now countdown five, four, three, two days until the election. What if it was paid? What impact could that possibly have an on election? What does it say if somebody decides to take money to come out with a story? How is the public to absorb that?
A lot of money.
Uh-hm. Jessica, what's your reaction to this.
What if it came out two days before the election? What if that came out?
Jessica, this isn't politics. I want to know because when women are treated horribly, I want the people that are responsible held accountable. But, when you see the money rising and an urgency and a political agenda behind this, that should scare every single person that would think about ever running for office in these types of operations exist. Wouldn't you agree?
Look at the Duke Lacrosse case. Look at the UVA case.
You are not answering my question.
What if it came out two days before? I will go to Tammy Bruce.
Can you answer that question? Your own question.
So, let me ask you there. So, she's offered all of this. And then she decides the woman is in the hospital and not responding to her texts in the hospital. Lisa Bloom flies out to Virginia. All the way from the West Coast. All right. And then the exchange takes, "I'm confused because you sent me so many nice texts Wednesday night after my other client wasted so much of my time and cancelled the press conference. She texted, November 5th with three days now out of the election. That meant a lot to me. Thursday you said you wanted to do this if you could be protected and relocated. I begged you not to jerk me around after what I had just gone through."
And then she adds, "You have treated me very poorly. I have treated you with great respect as much as humanly possible. I've not made a dime off your case and I have devoted a great deal of time. It doesn't matter. I could have done so much for you. But if you can't even stick to your word, you know, you swear you will."
Gregg Jarrett?
There is no evidence of that. But there is no evidence to that they really cared about veracity. For example, Gregg, isn't there a big difference between the tabloid newspaper that pays for stories the way the public views them in terms of credibility versus a news organization which should not ever take money, I know, they pay for pictures.
You know, back door way to pay people sometimes, but it's really a difference, right? We know that these tabloids pay.
Sometimes they are right. Sometimes they may not be. They don't have the same standards as a real news organization. Right?
All right. Let me have an exit questions from everybody. To me, I believe this is going to have a profound impact on these issues going forward. Quickly, how big an impact?
What if it would happen to a Democratic presidential candidate you like, Jessica?
And if the voting public --
If the voting public doesn't hear that money was paid, is that fair? Should there be a law against that?
I didn't ask you if you write them. Should there be a law?
Two days the election, somebody makes an allegation, Tammy. Does the public have a right to know in that case?
Greg, if it's your presidential candidate two days before the election?
In the future. I agree with Tammy.
All right. Coming up. Attorney General Jeff Sessions says, he is taking seriously the concerns being expressed about demoted DOJ official Bruce Ohr. Of course his wife. We will tell you about that. Will Sessions appoint a second special counsel? President Trump's Attorney Jay Sekulow will weigh in on that, and more straight ahead.
I don't only want one for this. I want one of -- yes, on the dossier, Fusion GPS. He is meeting with him, Bruce Ohr. His wife works for them doing anti-Trump research in the lead-up to the campaign. What about the fix being in with James Comey and Peter Strzok.
Peter Strzok and Lisa Page both anti-Trump and pro-Hillary, that would reopen the entire email investigation because they exonerated before they investigated. And then, I'm not even talking about Uranium One and surveillance that are unmasking, Jay. You know, how about, all of these needs to be investigated.
But it is possible that Hillary Clinton -- and then Hillary Clinton's campaign and she is controlling the DNC according to Donna Brazile that she bought and paid for Russian propaganda dossier with all the salacious details that could have been used to issue a FISA warrant against candidate Trump -- president-elect Trump and his entire team? Now, legally speaking, if that happened, wouldn't that render any information that they received out of that under false pretenses -- I mean illegal pretenses?
OK, next question.
Do you agree with my analysis based on the May 2nd or early May draft by James Comey and then also edited by Peter Strzok, the anti-Trump guy that worked in the FBI that was involved in all these cases. Does that in any way the fix being in before they investigate it, even talk to Hillary or witnesses? That sounds to me like obstruction of justice by James Comey.
Let me go back to top story tonight. We now have John Solomon's explosive report. And what we are seeing is intensity and financial rewards going up and up, and up starting in October. We are at first 10,000, 50,000, 100,000, 200,000, then we get to two days before the election, $750,000.
That we don't know where the money came from but being offered to a woman in exchange for her, quote, story about Donald Trump. If that story can come out, I doubt we would have known it was paid for because we didn't know that anybody was being paid up until today. You got to help me through this what that would mean in terms of trying to influence the American people 48 hours before they go to the polls.
What if she did?
But if you think about it, the phony Russia salacious lies. They are paid for by Hillary Clinton, Russian connection -- collusion if you will. Now have you two days before the election. A massive sum of money for somebody to make an accusation they can't possibly be vetted in that period of time.
Jay Sekulow, thank you for being with us.
When we come back, President Trump earlier today spoke at the FBI's National Academy. We're going to tell you what he had to say. We will get reaction at Sebastian Gorka, Sarah Carter. And I have a message about you and this show, it involves you -- our loyal viewers. Straight ahead.
That was the president earlier today before he departed for the FBI's National Academy in Quantico, Virginia where he spoke at a graduation ceremony for law enforcement officials for the United States of America and around the world.
The president is rightfully upset with some of the blatant bias being shown by top ranking officials, not rank and file at the FBI and the DOJ. Just to be clear. We have said this many times. We do have great respect for those men and women of law enforcement in our country. Who save us every day and put their lives on the line. And we know the president feels the same way. Here is what he said earlier today.
With us now with reaction Fox News national security analyst, former deputy assistant to the president, Sebastian Gorka and investigative reporter Sarah Carter. It's so sad because if you have one bad cop, you know, people want to use -- they will forget about the 99.9 percent. Same with the FBI, same with intelligence officials, those that work hard to protect us, put their lives on the line every day, Sarah.
But when you have the head of the FBI, James Comey, working with Peter Strzok, and they are writing an exoneration of Hillary Clinton before they do their investigation, that's not equal justice under the law. Peter Strzok who thinks for some reel reason God appointed him to save the country and that they are building insurance policies in case Trump wins, this is corruption, I think, at the highest level we have ever seen, your reaction?
All right. Sebastian Gorka, I know how you feel about law enforcement. We all feel the same way. But this is real collusion. This is real corruption. And there is no other way to describe what Comey and Peter Strzok did. The fix was it. The fix was in months before he did his investigation. To me, if I'm James Comey tonight, I'm Peter Strzok tonight. I'm thinking I better hire the best lawyers D.C. has.
It needs to be rebuilt. And the same -- by the way, top people, former Obama people within the Intelligence Community before this was all said and done. I believe this house of cards falls.
You know, your story yesterday about reverse targeting, the misuse of the powerful tools of intelligence that we give the intelligence community that you reported, Sarah, that doesn't even get into the dossier issue.
Bought and paid for by Hillary with salacious Russian propaganda lies to influence an electorate. That doesn't get into the Uranium One deal. I'm not sure how we untangle all of this in the best way to do that, your thoughts on it?
If intelligence is misused and people are paying people for stories, if dossiers from Russia are being used, if -- you know, the misuse of intelligence, if literally we are ignoring bribery kicks backs, extortion and money laundering and we give 20 percent of our uranium away, and money is thrown but none of this steams to come to full resolution, Dr. Gorka.
And you.
That separates us from a police -- that separates us from a police state.
If we don't get these issue resolve then there's -- the deep state illegally surveying Americans, we shred the Fourth Amendment protections of our constitution. We are going to lose the country. This is not a game that we're talking about here. These are severe violations of law and it all needs to come to a head. When we come back, a big announcement about this show and it involves you. Please stick around.
Welcome back to Hannity. Unfortunately that is all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. Before we go tonight, I want to thank all of you who tune into this show every night watching at home. When we moved back to our 9:00 slot, oh, Hannity is dead meat.
Well, thanks to you for the entire year, we moved to 10:00 and 9:00, this became the most watched cable news show in 2017. That's total audience demo, all the things that everyone talks about. You made that happen. Your support we can't put a value on it, you give us the honorable of being with you here every night.

show#: 80  ***************************************************
 You see what is happening? Since we've been covering this -- because John Solomon, Sara Carter have done amazing investigative work. Maybe -- and we've been covering it on this show. Now Congress is getting it. Now, think about this: maybe what Ron DeSantis was saying, maybe that's the reason why the Obama administration blocked this FBI informant from talking. Because he might be able to expose the criminal conduct from the Clintons and others within the Obama administration.
Now whatever nondisclosure agreement this informant apparently signed with the Obama Department of Justice, it needs to be ripped up and it can be ripped up by the Trump administration, by the Justice Department. You, the American people, deserve to know the truth about the Clintons and how they sold out your national security.
And finally tonight, in just a pathetic display, and despite mountains of evidence and two Congressional investigations, Hillary Clinton is saying, oh, she did nothing wrong during the Uranium One deal. And Clinton is also attacking President Trump, Fox News and yes, even yours truly. Because we are telling you the truth. Watch this.
The vast right wing conspiracy is back. Hillary, I have a few questions for you. Why would you ever give Vladimir Putin, the man you've been telling us is so horrible and Russia -- of course our biggest enemy -- why would you give them 20 percent of America's uranium? The foundational material for nuclear weapons? Why would you ever do that? Why did your husband get twice the amount of money that he usually gets from a speech in Moscow and at the time of the deal, he meets with Vladimir?
And by the way, I have another question: Hillary Clinton, why did you take 145 plus million dollars from all the people associated with this deal? And will you go under oath and answer questions? I doubt it. You don't want to, do you?
All right. Joining us now with reaction, President Trump's attorney from The American Center for Law and Justice, their chief counsel, Jay Sekulow. From The Hill, John Solomon, he's been breaking a lot of these stories. And from Circa News, Sara Carter. John, we'll start with you.
Let's start with Hillary's comments first. What do you thought? She is now packed to the vast right wing conspiracy.
If we follow the evidence, follow the money, Jay Sekulow, from a legal perspective, put your ACLJ hat on. Not your counsel to the President hat on.
Wait a minute, Eric Holder, wait a minute, Jay, Eric Holder had to know.
The head of the FBI. Robert Mueller had to know. Because they are saying the FBI knew of crimes, bribery, kickbacks, extortion, money laundering, these are not small things that they had evidence on.
Sara, they had to know. Now, we have a Senate investigation. We have a House investigation. Jeff Sessions wouldn't say directly because of the policy, the Department of Justice but I assume he is investigating this. And now we also have the whole issue of this -- we have a witness. We have a source. We have somebody that wants to tell the whole story with documents, with evidence, with facts. And I'm told even recordings but he signed this NDA. Who makes a guy that worked for the FBI signed the NDA?
Wait a minute. Who can lift the nondisclosure agreement that the guy that has the evidence, that knew the laws were broken, at the time, they knew this in 2009 and 2010. That was John's report today. That's what you've been telling us.
Well, then Jay, let me go back to your legal hat for a second. So, the attorney general has an obligation now. If you look at the entire year that we have heard Russia, Russia, Russia and that Putin is such a bad character and this is an enemy country of the United States -- if you had people, nine of them signing off at a time they know that Vladimir Putin is trying to corner the market in this country on uranium, money doubled up speaking fees that Clinton gets.
And then the Clinton Foundation money gets $145 million after. They are signing off, Bill Clinton is meeting Vladimir, he wants to meet with nuclear officials in Russia. And I'm sorry, it seems that a lot of crimes are committed here. So, go ahead.
He needs to do this tomorrow.
Well, wait a minute because I have now compromised our national security. And isn't Vladimir Putin friends with the Iranian mullahs? Is he friends with Kim Jong Un? Who is he giving the yellowcake that he is illegally exporting to Canada in that particular point? All right. I want to ask this, what about the conflicts of interest Mueller? What about the conflicts of interest Rosenstein? What about the conflict of interest -- and others? John, we will start with you.
Yes.
We've got to know an answer to that.
And that would mean that former President Obama needs to be deposed. All right. Let me ask Sara and then I will ask John. You want to answer the conflict of interest question, Sara, but also I want to ask you this. How much more do you know is coming on this? Because, go ahead.
Have you and John spoke to the informant?
And John?
You can't say.
All right. You be quiet for a minute. I don't need that attorney stuff. You're ruining my show here.
All right. How much more is coming? Because to me, it sounds like, look, I've heard they have not only documents but emails, financial records, eyewitnesses, infiltration, are there tapes here?
Wow!
Jay, if they come out, if people don't get indicted here, we don't have equal justice under the law, do we?
And all of you, and John, and Sara, you guys made this happen. And we are going to get to the truth. And all of you in the media, you are awful.
When we comeback, Newt Gingrich, Ivanka Trump, all here, busy news night tonight.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Here with reaction to our opening monologue and the new developments in this massive corruption, Uranium One scandal. The author of, now the bestselling book, "Vengeance." Former speaker of the House, Fox News contributor, Newt Gingrich. Mr. Speaker, you know, I know the Clintons have gotten away with an awful lot in their career.
Twenty percent of the foundational material for nuclear weapons. The media has ignored this.
Meanwhile, they've had no evidence, Russia, Russia, Russia. The danger of Vladimir Putin, the danger of Russia. What do you make of all of this?
It seems that there could be no longer -- now, finally the House and finally the Senate and I'm kind of assuming and interpreting from the Attorney General's comments that an investigation is here. But I think you are right in this sense, I think this is way beyond Trump-Russia collusion. And I don't like investigative creep, I've been very clear about it. I know that now it's about Paul Manafort's financial dealings from long before he was with Trump and the Podesta group. But I can think of a single circumstance ever -- ever -- to give 20 percent of uranium.
Now that we follow the money and now that we see Bill gets double his speaking fee and he wanted to meet with nuclear officials and he met with Putin and in his speech supported the Uranium One deal and his wife had to sign off on this. And then all the Canadians that were involved in the deal kicked back $145 million to the foundation. I'm sorry, Mr. Speaker, this is a sellout, of American national security.
At the highest level.
Follow that and also lift the NDA. Apparently there are tapes. There are emails. Let me go through the mountain of evidence they have. The FBI had in 2009 documents, emails, they had the financial records. They have eyewitnesses and they had someone infiltrate. And they knew crimes are being committed. They knew then. That raises questions about Mueller too. I've got a break. Stay right there. We will stay with you. When we come back, we have the other issues in Washington. More NFL players just continuing to disrespect the flag. Guess what happened? The crowds are getting smaller and smaller and smaller. Ivanka Trump joins a straight ahead on the dizzy breaking news night.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones, he soundly alarm of the impact player protesting having in the NFL said quote, there is no question the league is suffering negative effects from this protest. Jerry Jones is right. Take a look. This is only two stadiums this weekend. One from Miami and I think the other is from Cleveland. Look at all the empty seats. Post kickoff. Look at this. It's empty. Here's what it looked like in Cleveland, Ohio, for the Browns yesterday. We will continue now Former Speaker of the House, Newt Gingrich, do they want to keep doing this? This is the result of Roger Goodell does not want to take a stand. This is the results. I am not watching NFL games. I'm watching college football now. And I think most Americans are waiting for the NFL to stand up for those that fought, bled, and died under that flag. It's that simple.
I want to play for you Maxine Waters. When I play this comment, I want you to think about it through the prism. Why are you looking at me? Why are you laughing? You know how to laugh my questions. I have known you for 30 years.
By the way. Regaining my time or whatever you said, reclaiming my time. This is her saying she is going to take out the President. If somebody said this about President Obama, think about this.
What's your reaction?
He is not going to hit a girl. A woman. He is not going to do that.
Newt Gingrich encourages Trump to hit congresswoman. I can see the headlines now. That is not what you're saying.
Are you confident that the senate now will get this tax reform bill done? Because if they don't, they will.
They better get it done. Mr. Speaker, congrats on the success of the book. When we come back, speaking of that, we will talk to Ivanka Trump, next. Straight ahead.
Joining us now, Ivanka Trump. Good to see you. How are you?
I walk in the door and you start making fun of me. That is a great way to start an interview.
Somebody's got to do it. You have an assistant or somebody that works for you in P.R., you can tell everybody. It's fine.
You like to put people together.
I don't know why. I used to do these long book signings. They would go on for hours. A cute couple would come up and they would say they've been dating for three years and I would say what are you waiting for? And next thing you know, the girls going like this and the guys going like this. And I said do it right now. And I get the crowd to say, and a lot of guys would do it so.
a lot of people appreciate it and they did get married. I even have a child named after me. And dogs. More dogs and children named after me. Probably a better name for a dog.
It is almost a year since your dad won and you've got involved on a lot of issues, but what you really focus in now is what I think this election is about and that is the forgotten men and women and that is why this tax reform bill is probably his biggest and most important piece of legislation to bring about the economic success that he was running on.
You did a very good job of getting rid of burdens with regulations. That something as a conservative talk about all the time. I put so much pressure on businesses. They can't just go out and do their job. After work with the EPA and then this other agency. Not that we should not take care of the environment. Of course we have to be good stewards of the environment.
Way out of control.
It's amazing. Your dad rightly said with one percent GDP growth that is worth $2.5 trillion to the treasury. That is a lot of money. The last administration was the first one never to reach three percent GDP growth in a year. I want to go back to the issue you brought up. Very middle- class in America, dishwasher at 12. A busboy, waiter, bartender. House painter. Wallpaper hanger, tile layer, framer, roofer, I did it all.
Yes I know. It's a pretty good list. I look at the economic plan and I'm like ok, the manufacturing centers build here, because corporations and lower taxes, because we have less regulation, it is a better environment. The repatriation of trillions from multinationals that more than not bring a fact here because they will lose 40 or $0.50 on every dollar, and you make a 10 cents, dint spend a lot of money here.
It does.
You can give the same factual information to three of the best accounting houses in America and they will come up with different tax liabilities. That is how complicated it is. They aren't cheating.
Tomorrow, part two with my interview with Ivanka Trump. She answers this question.
It was interesting, Jimmy Carter even said he never witnessed any president taking as much heat as your dad. Also, the family. I mean you had been attack. Melania has been attack. Our little brother have been attacked. Don and Eric, I don't care about them.
We give it out as well.
Part of it is personally and mean. How do you deal with that? Is that hard?
The answer to that question tomorrow night. More "Hannity" after this.
All right. Quick announcement before we go. My movie, "Let There Be Light." It is an award-winning, I am the executive producer in theaters Friday about one man's journey to fate. Something the entire family will enjoy. Bring tissues. You will cry. And to check out the listing just go to hannity.com. We will have more later on this week.
Unfortunately that is all the time we have left this evening. Let not your heart be troubled. We will never be the left Trump hating media, we will be fair and balance. Now I have good news, you know your friend Bill Hemmer? He is on tonight, live next. I saw him in his office. He's been studying all night. Hemmer is up next. We will be seeing you tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 81  ***************************************************
 Now, the president was on the ground doing what leaders do, and that's leading the recovery efforts that are still ongoing. But tonight, we have more evidence and proof -- as if you needed it -- that the president can do nothing right in the eyes of the establishment destroy Trump mainstream media. Now, I told you last week, if Donald Trump cured cancer, the left in this country would still find a reason to hate him.
Now, the left erupted earlier today when the president and first lady departed for Texas leaving the White House. Why? All because Melania Trump was wearing heels to get on Marine One to Air Force one.
Take a look at some of these insane, ridiculous reactions. Now, keep in mind, this is going on while portions of Houston are buried under water and people's lives are actually being saved.
Vanity Fair writes, quote, "Who wears stilettos to a hurricane? Melania Trump." People magazine put up the headline, "First lady Melania Trump sticks to stilettos as she leaves White House for flood-ravaged Texas." And here's the headline from the Hollywood Reporter, quote, "Melania Trump wears her stilettos to tour Houston flood zone, no joke." And then CNN fake news Amanda Carpenter tweeting, quote, "Someone tell Melania she might want a pair of rain boots."
And of course, the Trump-hating Hollywood liberal Chelsea Handler, she got in on the action with this tweet, quote, "Melania taking off for Houston on Air Force One in stilettos."
Now, the first lady's office rightly fired back against this ad hominem attack and the absurd criticism by saying, quote, "It is very sad that we have an active, ongoing natural disaster in Texas, and people are worried about her shoes."
Now, there's also the fact that after the first lady did arrive in Texas, well, she wasn't wearing high heels. Look at this photo. Now, Melania Trump is wearing sneakers.
It just shows how desperate, how petty and how pathetic the left and the media is in this country. And frankly, just how low will these people go? They have these fake moral outrage, it seems feigning moral outrage. It knows no bounds. They will literally attack the president, the first lady, his family, his staff, anybody who likes him, is close to him, over any tiny, minuscule thing, no matter how absurd it may be.
And that's not all. Some members of the destroy Trump media were actually criticizing the president's decision to go to Texas and offer reassurance and help to the people in their time of need and suffering. Watch this.
And after President Trump's visit, a reporter from the fake news network CNN claimed the president wasn't showing empathy. Really? Watch this.
And CNN's so-called Republican commentator, Ava (sic) Navarro, responded to a tweet from President Trump about leaving for Texas and writing, quote, "As if the people of Texas aren't already enduring enough suffering."
Now, what's interesting about that, we learned today from a report that CNN's so-called Republican, Navarro -- well, she's donated a lot of money to prominent Democrats. What Republican would donate to the likes of Debbie Wasserman Schultz and other left-wingers that are out there and people on the left?
It sounds like a fake Republican at the fake news network, more proof that the left is completely unhinged and it is why we have now actually diagnosed them, considering they want to diagnose everybody else, and we call it Trump derangement syndrome.
Now, the president did go down to Texas. He did offer his support, and he did let the millions of our fellow Americans who are suffering know that he will do everything in his power to help them. Yet somehow, the left in this country, the media -- they try to twist and distort the president's words and actions to score cheap political points, very cheap points.
Texas has been devastated. They're part of our American family. They've lost lives. They've lost neighbors and loved ones. And so many others have lost everything they've worked for their entire adult lives. They've lost their homes, everything they own.
This natural disaster is far from over. It's only the beginning of it. So you would think the left, you would think the hate destroy Trump media would for a second maybe try to stop their smear campaign against the president, maybe just for one day while he's down there doing his job, trying to help people in need.
Joe, you're very distinct in the media camp or media -- I love those people that are media critics and -- you know, like the -- what's that guy, Wemple, whatever his name, at The Washington Post...
... with his, you know, 30,000 -- I get -- with his 30,000 Twitter followers, as if we care, as if he could do a TV show if his life depended on it! But when it becomes this personal over the first lady -- you know, if it was a Democrat first lady, if it was Michelle Obama and you talked about her clothes on national TV, why do I know it would've been handled a lot differently?
Why do these people that claim a monopoly of compassion for poor people, they claim to be on the right side of civil rights, gay rights, and in this particular case, on the side of women. How do they get away with this?
There really is a disconnect. And at this point, you know, we want to help people for five minutes! For crying out loud, these people have lost everything. They lost lives, friends, neighbors, loved ones. And I guess, Kayleigh, I'll throw it to you. What would it have been like if a conservative did say that about Hillary Clinton or Michelle Obama? Remember how the media reacted about Mitt Romney having women's resumes of people he wanted to hire.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Well, Joe, let me ask you this. By all accounts, there was one - - you're right because there are three components to any successful disaster relief. One, we've -- we watched neighbor helping neighbor, risking their lives, literally saving lives. We saw people with expertise from the military and former law enforcement officials. They were on the ground. You know, people like the navy, the "Cajun navy" and the "Waco navy" -- these guys were amazing, neighbor helping neighbor. Then you've got the state and local governments. Then you got -- they've got to coordinate as -- and we'll have Governor Abbott on in a minute -- with the federal government.
The only failure politically I saw was a Democratic mayor who wouldn't take his own governor's call and wouldn't take the advice of everybody to tell the people to evacuate and said, Go back to your homes. That was a mistake.
You mean like Russia, that phony story, and North Korea and the president's going to start a nuclear war?
Now the bar moves.
Kayleigh, last word.
You know it's not going to happen!
You work with big news.
All right, good to see you both, great points.
We're going to focus on the people of Texas. When we come back, we'll speak with our reporters live on the ground, talk about the needs of those people, and in the Louisiana, and the latest on the catastrophic flooding.
Also, the governor of the great state of Texas, Greg Abbott. He's here to talk about the president's visit to the Lone Star State earlier today and what they need for relief efforts.
And Laura Ingraham weighs in on all of this as we continue this busy breaking news night tonight here on "Hannity."
And welcome back to "Hannity." The remnants of Hurricane Harvey continue to batter the Gulf Coast, so what is in store overnight for parts of Texas, Louisiana, already devastated by this storm?
Joining us now on the ground from Lake Charles, Louisiana, our own Rick Leventhal. Rick, I watched all weekend, as well. I'm sure it's different when you watch it up close and personal.
Hey, Rick, please say my hellos. I know some of the guys from the Cajun navy. I met them down when we were in Baton Rouge. Please send my best and regards and thank-yous. All right, Rick, thank you so much.
Joining me now with the very latest on the ground in Kingwood, in Texas, our own Trace Gallagher. Trace, what's happening there tonight?
All right, Trace, thanks so much. You know, you look at these images, and you know every one of those homes are gone. With the mold issue that would come, you're going to have to start and rebuild every one of those homes.
Joining us now, Caroline Shively. She is at the George R. Brown Convention Center. She is in Houston tonight. I bet a lot of devastated people in many ways having lost everything that they owned, all their homes. How's the mood in there tonight?
All right, Caroline Shively, our best to those people, and know they're in our thoughts and prayers.
We're joined now by the governor of the great state of Texas, Greg Abbott. Governor, by all accounts, everything that I have seen, you have amazing people in your state. You were prepared on the state level. We have some problems with some local people. It seems like your coordination with the federal government and the president couldn't have gone better.
But I want to hear from you. Is it as good as I saw it? We learned a lot from Katrina.
And look at where the media goes, and they're worried about shoes. By my estimation, Governor...
You know, by my observations, Governor, the costs are incalculable in terms of the damage. And I would assume that the biggest challenges you have now -- people are going to be homeless for a long period of time. In many, many cases, entire neighborhoods are going to have to be rebuilt.
When it comes to the immediate need of food, water, shelter, medicine, cots, blankets -- my friend at My Pillow I know is donating, like, tens of thousands of pillows. But baby formula, all of these things -- will you be able to immediately take care of the needs of all those people? Because that's a huge undertaking, sir.
But Governor, would that mean that you have the plans, the immediate plans in place? I assume medicine is a big deal. Dialysis is a big deal for some. Food, baby formula, cots, blankets, pillows, all of these things are immediate. But you know, I would assume...
They're going to be in shelters a long time before you can begin the process of giving them at least temporary housing before the rebuild begins, right?
What would that be, Governor?
Yes. You know, it's funny because I remember after Katrina, Houston did open up -- the families of Houston opened up their homes to many of the victims or Katrina.
What -- why didn't the mayor of Houston, sir, take your call? How may times did you call him?
Governor, I personally -- I've worked with Samaritan's Purse. I send them a donation because I know how good Franklin Graham's organization is. I know you have the Red Cross. For those people around the country that want to help our family in Texas, what would you like them to do?
Governor, you made a big difference, and I understand Texas even has a $10 billion rainy -- no pun intended, rainy day fund which I think is almost equal to the rest of the -- every state in the union. That money's going to come in very handy.
Our thoughts and prayers are with you, Governor. You did a phenomenal job in your hour -- in the state's hour of need. You, the lieutenant governor, federal government, local officials, and the people of Texas really deserve our praise. Thank you, sir.
When we come back, Laura Ingraham, she will weigh in next on President Trump's visit to Texas earlier today, and the pettiness of the media. Also later, a college professor fired after saying hurricane Harvey was, quote "instant karma" to the lone star state because Texans voted for the GOP. How sick, ugly, and twisted can you get?
Welcome back to "Hannity." President Trump earlier today showed his support for the people of Texas that are suffering in the wake of hurricane Harvey. Joining us now from reaction, editor in chief of Lifezette, Fox News contributor, nationally syndicated radio rock star, can you add a few more items to your resume for crying out loud? Anything else I forgot, bestselling author?
You know, I wish I could have a sense of humor and say the media is just irresponsible and hateful. The attacks against our first lady and the first daughter and an 11-year-old kid and anybody that likes Trump, this is about as low as you get when you attack the shoes of the first lady as she is going to help people out that are still -- that have lost everything. I can't even imagine how we got to this point.
I guess, you know, but in many ways, I've been arguing, Laura, that with all of the obsession to take down the president and smear and slander every day, in the process of focusing all their attention on that, the media, the Democrats, and weak Republicans, and everybody else, they're not serving the forgotten men and women that are in poverty and in food stamps and out of the labor force. By focusing in on the insignificant, they're not helping the people that are struggling to save lives and are trying to rebuild their lives now. And to me, it's almost as if -- you know what it is? It's like they were hoping the president would fail for cheap political points. Let me just be blunt. That's what they were hoping for.
He doesn't care about that.
I've got to run, but I'm going to say this. Here's my prediction. This is going to a boomerang back so hard and hit them so hard they won't know what hit them, what has happened. And they don't realize that people see through this now.
Laura, thank you.
When we come back, more insanity. An assistant professor at University of Tampa fired, why, tweeting hurricane Harvey was instant karma because people voted for Republicans. We'll explain that insanity straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." University of Tampa visiting professor, assistant professor, Kenneth Storey is in hot water tonight after tweeting a very hateful message to Texans as hurricane Harvey was pounding the gulf coast. Over the weekend, he wrote, quote, "I don't believe in instant, but this kind of feels like it for Texas. Hopefully this will help them realize the GOP doesn't care about them."
Ironically, he is now facing his own instant karma. According to reports he was fired by the University of Tampa and they have condemned his remarks. Storey later apologized on Twitter, writing, quote, "I deeply regret a statement I posted yesterday. I never mentioned to wish ill will upon any group. I hope all affected by Harvey recover quickly." That's so sincere. Tonight it appears Mr. Storey has deleted his Twitter account. Good idea.
Joining us with reaction, Fox News contributor Mercedes Schlapp, New York state senator -- how did this ever happen? -- Democrat Brian Benjamin. How did that ever happen?
Congratulations, I give you full credit. You went out, you campaigned, and I hope you can serve your constituents well. You talk about a sewer in D.C., it's worse up in Albany just in case you want to know.
How many of your leaders up there got indicted recently over the years?
OK. We've seen a lot of hate, we've seen a lot of attacks tonight, and I want you as a Democrat to say this is wrong and it's outrageous. I just want some Democrat to say it because I don't hear it enough.
Good for you.
You're blaming the president for what other people say? That's ridiculous.
OK, fair enough.
Charlottesville is a great example. I will bring Mercedes in. In 1991 he condemned David Duke, racism, white supremacy, did it all throughout the 90s into 2000 and all through the election. He condemned it on the Saturday, the Monday, the Tuesday, the Wednesday. And people still attacked him. So I don't think he can win.
Brian Benjamin, I want to ask you this.
Hang on, I've got a question for you.
All right, so under Obama after eight years, we have 13 million more Americans on food stamps. We had 8 million more Americans in poverty after eight years. We had the lowest labor participation rate, the worst recovery, and the lowest home ownership rate in 51 years and he doubled the debt. So you tell me how Democrats after eight years in power, and of course Obamacare has destroyed the health care system. How is that a good thing? Show me where Democrats are better and made things better when they were in power.
I never went after the first lady's she was.
With all due respect, everything has gone smoothly here, Mercedes, that's the point.
I've got to run. Listen to me, I'll bring you back. I'm going to bring you back and you can answer my statistic question which you ducked and dodged.
Stop lying. That's a lie, senator. That's a lie.
You're lying to the American people.
He does not support them.
We've got to break here. When we come back, North Korea continues to aggressively test the world, and President Trump has put the rogue regime in Pyongyang on notice. John Bolton next.
Welcome back to Welcome back to "Hannity." North Korea continues to test the world's patience. Tonight according to the A.P. Kim Jong-un is calling for more ballistic missile launches into the Pacific Ocean. This coming just one day after the rogue regime in Pyongyang fired a rocket over Japan. In response President Trump issued this stern warning earlier today, quote, "Threatening destabilizing actions only increase the North Korean regime's isolation in the region and among all nations of the world. All options are on the table."
Here now with reaction, Fox News contributor, former U.S. ambassador to the U.N. John Bolton. This particular test was the second time they're shooting over an island of Japan. It seems to me we're getting very close to the line where they are, they are going to push to the point where they may incinerate themselves.
But the choice is the options aren't good.
Well said, ambassador, and I agree wholeheartedly with you. Do we know if we see a missile on a pad and maybe one that we think could reach the continental United States or any part of the United States or Guam, do we know if that missile is loaded with anything?
I don't disagree at all. But you agree with me, North Korea could be incinerated. They could launch missiles loaded into South Korea, Japan, or even China. We have about 10 seconds.
All right, we've got to run. Thank you, ambassador. When we come back, more "Hannity" right after this break.
And welcome back to "Hannity." Unfortunately that's all the time we have left this evening. As always, we do thank you for being with us. Our thoughts and prayers remain with the people of Texas tonight. This show will always be the fair and balanced alternative to the destroy-Trump establishment media. They are beyond shameful. We'll see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 82  ***************************************************
 Now, the president rightly will be traveling to Texas tomorrow to offer his support. Now, we're going to take you live on the ground in Houston in just a minute.
Also tonight, radical leftist Antifa thugs attack peaceful protesters at the rally yesterday in Berkeley, California. Now, take a look at this headline from The Washington Post, ''Black-clad Antifa members attack peaceful right-wing demonstrators in Berkeley.''
Now, according to the AP, at least five people were attacked, 13 people arrested. And this is just one of many, many examples of left-wing Antifa violence. So when are the Democrats in Washington, politicians-- when is the media going to offer the same criticism and condemnation of this group? We'll have more later tonight.
And finally, the Democrats, members of the mainstream media-- they continue to feign moral outrage and yet expose what is a huge, massive double standard. The president is standing by his decision -- I think it was the right one-- to pardon former Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio.
After the president announced this on Friday night, he was padoning Joe Arpaio, well, who was found guilty of criminal contempt for defying a judge's order in immigration enforcement, well, the media in this country that will never give the president a fair shot went ballistic and apoplectic and politicized immediately the president's decision when we were just two hours away from a hurricane. Watch this.
Why? Because he was prepared! He was already coordinating with the governor, local officials on the ground and sending help already. And by the way, on the night two hours before a hurricane, the whole country was paying attention.
Now, the destroy Trump media-- they went on to attack the former sheriff, over 50 years in law enforcement! Watch this.
Ah! More bizarre liberal conspiracy theories. Now, after being attacked by the mainstream media, President Trump -- he is standing by his decision to pardon a 50-year veteran in law enforcement, former Sheriff Joe Arpaio.
Here's what he said earlier today. Take a look.
Now, the president also highlighted the left's huge hypocrisy and massive double standard when it comes to presidents granting pardons and clemency. Now, if the media is so upset about Sheriff Arpaio, then they should be really outraged about what Presidents Clinton and Obama did.
Let's go back to 2001. During his last day in office, Bill Clinton -- remember? He pardoned Marc Rich, one of the biggest tax cheats in American history, who back in the early 1980s was convicted, oh, let's see, on 51 counts of conspiracy, tax evasion, racketeering, trading with the enemy, which in this case happened to be Iran.
Now, Rich eventually fled to Switzerland, where the government refused to extradite him back to the USA. He was on the FBI's most wanted list. But that did not stop Bill Clinton from giving him a pass. Now, this, of course, came after Rich's ex-wife, oh, donated 450 grand to the Clinton library and over $1 million to Democratic campaigns. Clinton's money quid pro quo? Oh, I'm shocked.
Bill Clinton also offered clemency-- now, this is really important-- to members of the terrorist group, the FALN, which claimed responsibility for over 100 bombings in major American cities that killed five people. You don't believe it? Look at this video! We haven't shown this to you in a couple years. It's the FALN terrorists in the 1980s making bombs. And back in 1999, Bill Clinton offered clemency to 16 members of that group, the FALN, you know, the people making bombs.
Then you have President Obama. He commuted the sentence of the notorious FALN member Oscar Lopez Rivera, who actually turned down Clinton's clemency deal. Now, in case Democrats, the media forgot on fake news CNN and NBC -- well, Lopez Rivera-- he was sentenced to 55 years in prison. Why? Seditious conspiracy to overthrow the United States government. And as part of the group the FALN, and you know, we just can't forget what they did here. And President Obama -- he set a record for commutations, including by shortening the sentences of drug dealers. Yeah, people that want to sell drugs to your kids. We'll have more on that later tonight.
But first, back to our top and our lead story and the horrendous flooding in Texas. On the ground in Rosenberg, Texas, Steve Harrigan. Steve, you were amazing on Friday night. Thank you for being with us. I know you've been working around the clock. And I know the audience appreciates it. What's the latest there?
All right, Steve, if we can, really quick-- there was controversy over the mayor of Houston and his decision-- in spite of the governor calling-- he didn't take the governor's calls, the governor saying even if local authorities are saying to get out, he's saying stay in your homes and stay there. What's the latest on that controversy?
All right, Steve Harrigan, you've been amazing. I know you've not slept much, and 100-mile-an-hour gusts the other night was scaring all of us here. We're glad you're safe. And our thoughts and prayers to all the people--
--that are affected by this.
Joining us now with more coverage of the devastating flooding, Matt Finn is with us. Matt, what's going on there?
Sean, this woman a hero in the community and this neighborhood tonight. She opened her garage to so many people, including an elderly couple that we're helping right now who's waiting for a ride. They have nowhere to go. There's no local family. Their car is under water.
And this scene is something you're seeing all over Houston. We've seen people being plucked from their rooftops. We saw a family yesterday leave their home and put their dog on a pool raft. And we said, Where are you guys going? They said, We don't know, but we had to abandon our house.
So-- and as you can see, the rain continues to fall. Just saturating walls of rain continue to fall. And our forecasters are saying this could last another day or two. And you say to yourself, where's all this water going? And it is ending up in neighborhoods like this. Sean, back to you.
All right, Matt. Please send our love and prayers to all of them. And this country will help them, as we always do.
Joining us now from the George R. Brown convention center in Houston, where displaced storm victims are taking shelter, is-- Caroline Shively is with us. Caroline, I also know you have some guests there. What's going on there?
Yeah, hey, Caroline, if I could grow (ph) this-- David, I think you can hear me. First of all, our thoughts and prayers. You're doing God's work there. I sent a donation. It's en route to Samaritan's Purse, Red Cross. You guys are all hands on deck now.
Yeah. All right, well, David, look, if people can donate to you, Samaritan's Purse, all these good organizations, these people desperately need the help. And we got to make sure we stay on government officials to make sure they are doing their part. This is a time. All hands on deck. And so many people are impacted. And this is only the beginning. This is rescue and rescue recovery. And the rebuilding process is going to take a lot of time. So we wish you all the best in your efforts. It's going to be ongoing. And thanks for being with us. We appreciate it. Caroline, thank you.
Joining us now with more is Fox News contributor, editor-in-chief Lifezette-- Laura Ingraham is with us. Laura, welcome to the program. Thank you for being here.
You know, one of the things as I watched all weekend--
I think one of the more amazing things is how everybody came together, neighbor helping neighbor, local government, federal government. It seems like everybody got the message. We're on the same page. Otherwise, this could have been a catastrophe that we couldn't even describe. It would be indescribable. I mean, the costs now are prohibitive in terms of of what we're talking.
And it's ridiculous how long it's taking. And we've discussed that in the past. Now it shows why this is important and why the Senate needs to do their job of confirmation.
--Marc Rich, obviously, drug dealers by Barack Obama. And I'm thinking here's a guy that served in law enforcement 50 years. The whole country's going to see it. The media acts like it was a Friday dump, which Clinton and Obama were masters at.
And watch-- we're literally an hour-and-a-half away from the biggest hurricane that they've ever seen and the most rain they've ever seen in the area, and watch how insane the media in this country is. And I-- you can't make this up. Watch this.
Would you like to get lectured by lying Brian Williams about dead bodies floating--
--outside of the Ritz where there's no water? We're going to get lectures from him about honesty?
We've got videotape of FALN members making bombs! They killed people. And Clinton pardoned them. We need lectures from them like we need a hole in the head.
Now, there was more--
There was more violence in Berkeley, California, this weekend. Let's roll some tape-- Antifa protesters. And even The Washington Post, as abusively biased as they are, noted this for what it was. They said right wing. It's a bit of a pejorative. But I got to give them a little credit that they pointed out that they were peaceful protesters.
What are we learning about this group, Antifa, the violence they're involved in and what they're trying to stir up in the country?
Well, they have helmets and sticks, Laura.
Well, I mean, that's the same thing-- you know, and-- and I praised the Boston protesters. They were peaceful. When a couple tried to turn on some Trump supporters, the overwhelming 99 percent said knock it off. No violence. They were protesting against racism and bigotry. I applaud them. And I'm-- and we all stand against that.
Where are the Democrats?
It's a mask and a helmet--
A mask, a helmet, and I see body armor almost--
--on some of these people. All right, Laura, we got to roll. Thank you so much for being with us. We appreciate it.
Coming up, we're going to have more reaction to this violent Antifa counter-protest going after conservatives in Berkeley, California, over the weekend. First, we'll also have more on the historic flooding in Texas. Did you know that Texas has a $10 billion-- on pun-- rainy day fund, which will go a long way to helping those people that did not have insurance and need to rebuild. We'll check in with the energy secretary. And former Texas governor Rick Perry-- he'll be here, and Geraldo and much more straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Hurricane Harvey made landfall late Friday night wreaking havoc in its path. Now massive flooding is displacing tens and tens of thousands of Texans, our fellow Americans, and the storm is far from over.
Here now to explain, from Weatherbell.com Joe Bastardi. I know this is one of the times, Joe, and I interviewed you all last week, you wish you were wrong. You had this with pinpoint accuracy. And we're not done yet. About 30, 35 percent of the storm is not over yet, correct?
How many more inches are you talking about? I don't want to interrupt you. And how bad does Louisiana get it?
It's amazing we started this -- I talked to you early in the week on radio, and this started Friday night right as we came on the air, and it's still going on, and you're still saying another 24 hours. And Joe Bastardi, thanks for being with us.
Clearly it hampers rescue recovery and obviously delays rebuilding. Joining us now, energy secretary, former governor of the great state of Texas, Rick Perry. Governor, I know you love this state. I'm so proud of the people of your state. They did an amazing job helping each other over the weekend. We've never seen a storm like this. I was very pleasantly surprised on radio when the lieutenant governor told me -- and I think this is in large part due to you -- you have a $10 billion, no pun, rainy day fund?
Governor, this is really important. And what really was heartwarming is the collaboration between local officials and the state government and the federal government. It seems like we're hitting on all cylinders here. Do we have to worry about food and water and medicine and supplies and blankets and baby formula and cots, or are you confident all of that will be handled and everybody will have a safe place to stay in the interim?
Thank God. You mentioned Franklin. I've been down in some of these areas, the work Samaritan's Purse does, and I sent a donation today. I urge people to donate whatever you can. If it's $10, just send it, because the people, this is going to take years to rebuild this. Their entire lives have been uprooted. Governor, I know how much you love your state. Thank you for taking the time to be with us tonight.
Yes, sir.
And coming up, very violent Antifa protests disrupting a peaceful rally this weekend in Berkeley, going after conservatives. Larry Edler, Geraldo Rivera, next.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So as we told you earlier tonight, what was supposed to be a peaceful demonstration in Berkeley, California, yesterday, it turned into total chaos when radical leftist Antifa members, you see them right there wearing black masks and covering their faces and some of them with helmets and sticks, literally chasing and beating and harassing nonviolent conservative protestors.
Here with reaction Salem radio nationally syndicated host Larry Elder, Fox News correspondent at large, Geraldo Rivera. Geraldo, I'm going to start with you. We differed a little bit last week. Nobody ever calls out these groups the way they should be. Occupy, Antifa, Black Lives Matter, "What do we want? Dead cops. When do we want them? Now." It seems like the media has one narrative, one way, it's ideological, and they never give balance. This should be as big a story in my opinion as some of these other incidents.
Larry, I praised the people in Boston, the 99 percent of them who were protesting against hatred, racism. And I don't know the speakers. I never even saw them. But they were protesting what we all consider to be evil. And I'm watching this particular group. And we did see in Charlottesville some people wanting fights. And we said, everybody has the right to yell, scream, use their First Amendment rights. We're not allowed to punch people, beat people we disagree with or don't like or even are despicable, and some of those people are.
And Geraldo, I played over and over and over and over again, going back to 91 and 2000 and all through the campaign, I disavow, I denounce, I hate, they're evil -- white supremacists, the Klan, Duke. I think Larry is making a point here. When has the left been asked these questions?
A fair point you're going to disagree with.
Are they going to print Trump was right?
We believe in free speech but not violence. Larry, go ahead
We'll take a break. We'll have more with Larry and more with Geraldo right after the break as we continue on this busy breaking news night tonight here on "Hannity."
That was President Trump earlier today defending his pardon of former Maricopa County sheriff, Arizona, Sheriff Joe Arpaio. We continue with Larry Elder and Geraldo Rivera. Before I get to Joe, I want to go back to this issue. We've had Black Lives Matter literally saying "What do we want? Dead cops. When do we want them? Now." And Larry, they got an invitation to the White House. We just played the Antifa beating up these protesters this weekend. You don't see it on the media.
How do they get an invitation to the White House? How did Hillary Clinton seek their endorsement? How does that happen?
Dead cops?
Geraldo, is it wrong that Obama invited Black Lives Matters to the White House? Is it wrong that Hillary wanted their endorsement when they say they want dead cops?
I'm talking about the general principle that the left gets a pass, and yet I show decades of Donald Trump condemning racism and white supremacy.
In the middle of a time -- and we saw this right here in New York after 9-11 this country came together. We knew we were all under attack. But this was happening as the hurricane is going on, Larry.
Geraldo, you want to respond?
Good dodge.
Baloney sandwiches.
Oh, Geraldo, stop it.
OK, Clinton gave an FALM bomb-making terrorist a pardon. Obama is pardoning drug dealers. I have got to run. Love you both. We'll continue.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Unfortunately that is all the time we have left. As always, thank you for being with us. We'll be back tomorrow night. And don't forget, this show, we are not the establishment mainstream destroy-Trump media. We are their balance.
Stay with the Fox News Channel, continuing coverage of Hurricane Harvey. Patti Ann Browne, Trace Gallagher are live next. We will see you back here tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 83  ***************************************************
 Really? President Trump is demented. Let's see, because he was responding to a nuclear threat from North Korea? Not only are they all a bunch of sheep, you notice they all say pretty much the same thing. But they are drug addicts in this sense; they crave their next Trump tweet.
They need their fix and if, for some reason, there is not a tweet within 24 hours, there's not a comment, there's no fake outrage, well then they have to latch on to something that will satisfy their craving. They just race back to their gateway drug -- oh Trump, Russia, Trump, Russia. But with the Trump-Russia collusion story now falling flat, that's kind of like the equivalent of methadone, it's only a maintenance drug that barely separates them from like a padded room and some asylum somewhere. And for over a year you have been subjected to Russia, Russia, Russia, collusion, collusion, collusion. The only thing missing are facts, facts, facts. And the media desperately repeating those words daily, hoping that somehow, if they say it enough it's going to come true.
Here's the problem, it's not true. There is to date zero evidence President Trump colluded with Russia, none -- whatsoever. It doesn't exist. So the media now, they need a new conspiracy theory that they can pass off as news to get themselves, well, back on their drug, get hooked again. And it's actually in one sense it's sad, because these people really need help. They have no -- let's say, they don't want to adhere to truth anymore. That's a sad thing. If you think about it for a second. Does the media ever -- when you watch the news, do they ever talk about anything Donald Trump that he did is good, any good news, any good news with the economy?
Or they're just obsessed with tearing this president down because they never thought he'd win. Do they ever talk about the American people, solutions for healthcare, getting people out of poverty, off of food stamps, back to work? I never hear it.
If the media really cared about anything of real importance, then guess what, they would have to alter their constructive worship sites of Obama during his failed presidency. And by the way, in those years they would have seen the millions or more Americans in poverty and on food stamps, they would have stood up for you, but liking Obama was more important.
President Trump's tweets about North Korea, let's get into this. They are perfect examples. What did the president say that is so dangerous that you see them unleashed like they did in the last 24 hours? Let's see, he stood up to a two bit murdering dictator and he called the little rocket man and he said that the United States is not going to be intimidated by his little red button on his desk. And for the media, that kind of leadership, they don't like it. It's not good enough since what they are used to and what they personally support are the policies of appeasement.
So we have to ask, is there anything that President Trump could do to make the media ever happy in the situation with Kim Jong Un? By the way, a situation Bill Clinton put us in. Now the press probably wants President Trump -- maybe they would be happy if he got down on his knees and kissed Kim Jong Un's ring on his little hand. Then they would be calling for him to get the Nobel Prize. Or maybe the media would be happy if Trump gave billions of dollars in fuel subsidies to North Korea like Bill Clinton did. Or maybe Trump should suck up and grovel to Kim Jong Un just like Bill Clinton sucked up and groveled to Kim Jong-il, his father. Then Donald Trump could go on TV like Bill Clinton did and tell you the American people a massive lie like this.
Could Bill Clinton have been more wrong? Or how about this one, maybe they would be ecstatic, really, really happy if President Trump sucked up to the Iranian Mullahs. Maybe if President Trump sent them another $150 billion like Obama did and begged on his hands and knees, "Pretty, pretty, pretty please, here's billions of dollars, just please stop saying you are going to wipe us off the face of the earth. Please stop saying you will destroy Israel. Please stop burning our flags. That's what they want in the press, that's pathetic. It's week and they are not doing a service to you, the American people.
I've said this many times. They are lazy and they are overpaid and they are a bunch of sycophants that all re-tweet each other in their little media bubble. The sky is literally falling down for these people all because Donald Trump cared to stand up and challenge a murdering dictator.
The media lives in this bubble. These people are stepping all over themselves. They want to all outdo each other. It's like a competition. Let's see who can be the most anti-Trump and if one liberal media personalities that President Trump is demented, and then another has to step in and say no, he's really, really demented, and he's really, really a big, big, big, big liar and it goes on from there.
See what I mean by drug addiction? It's like in part -- it's like initiation into their hate Trump club and to be a member you just have to hate everything. It's happening every single hour of every single day on every single news channel and in the mainstream media nonstop. That's all they do. That's their go to. And that is what now the media in this country has become and that's why I've been telling you since 2007 and 2008, journalism in America is dead, it's done. These so-called journalists, they don't care about truth anymore. Facts be damned, evidence be damned, because if they did care about truth, then they would actually start doing their job. If they would be investigating massive scandals that are staring them right in the face, they could win the Pulitzer Prizes they are dreaming about.
None of what we are about to tell you is important to the media, but it all should be. They are not doing their job. It's about the system of justice in America. It's now hanging in the balance, equal application under the law. The media ignores this, why? Because they need their Trump hate addiction fixed. An explosive report, The Hill's John Solomon revealing that written FBI documents show, agents working on the Clinton email investigation all believe laws were broken.
In addition, 17 witnesses interviewed after James Comey already drafted the exoneration statement of Hillary. The fix was in, it was rigged. It was exoneration before investigation. We have even more proof. Does the media even care about it, or are they spreading their Trump-Russia conspiracy theories? Is that more important after a year of no facts and a year of anonymous sources? How about Trump-hating and Clinton-loving FBI agent Peter Strzok and his FBI lawyer girlfriend Lisa Page, completely trashing President Trump on text messages.
They called him a lonesome human being, an idiot and Strzok and Paige also talked about an insurance policy in Andy's office, which we believe is the Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe incase Donald Trump won the election, and remember it was Strzok and Comey, they are the ones that chased the verbiage in the exoneration letter before the investigation was done. None of this is important to the media? It should be.
Special council of Robert Mueller, his merry team of Democratic generous donors, they don't donate to Republicans, 50 grand to Democrats, including Hillary and Barack Obama. And of course none of them gave to President Trump's campaign.
One of Mueller's lead investigator's Jeannie Rhee actually represented Clinton and the Clinton Foundation in 2015. You can't get a bigger conflict of interest, nothing from the media. We have Mueller's top prosecutor, the expert Andrew Wiseman, the professional he is. He led the extremely controversial obstruction of justice case against Arthur Andersen Accounting as part of the Enron scandal. He destroyed that company, cost tens of thousands of people their jobs and was overturned in the U.S. Supreme Court in 0590. That's a great guy to put on your team. He also sent four Merrill Lynch executives to jail. Their convictions were also overturned, that case by the fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
Does the media not care about any of this? If it was a bunch of Republican donors giving donations to Trump, investigating Hillary Clinton, don't you think it would be the biggest story ever? Really?
Next, of course, you have the demoted DOJ official Bruce Ohr, his wife Nellie. Bruce Ohr meets with members of Fusion GPS before and after the 2016 election and Nellie his wife, Nellie Ohr worked for the firm that Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid to produce the fake, phony propaganda Russian anti-Trump dossier. And then finally, the FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe and his wife Jill get 700 grand from a long-time Clinton ally. Former Virginia Governor Terry McCullough, democrats, all that money given for a failed Virginia state senate run; that is an astronomical sum in a senate race in Virginia.
These are all individually massive stories. Not even mentioning Uranium One about let's see, bribery, extortion, money laundering, kickbacks and they knew it before CFIUS, before nine separate agencies approved of giving 20 percent of our Uranium, knowing that Vladimir Putin's thugs were in America trying to get a foothold into the uranium industry in our country?
We don't have enough, we need more. It's insane. Then you look at the money behind that. You have mountains of evidence here of wrongdoing. They media is not touching any of it. Why? Because the media is infatuated, they cannot control themselves anymore, and it's all about hating President Trump. It's kind of like a sickness, it doesn't have a cure, apparently never will. They can't see anything else. That is their singular focus. Even, by the way, they would prefer kissing the rings and backsides of dictators. The media is betraying you, the American people.
You would think the press -- you would think they would have some sort of ethical compass, something that would move them towards truth, but they are now so corrupted, morally bankrupt, they hate any and everybody that doesn't do it their way. The media tonight, they are hyperventilating again, foaming at the mouth -- the back and forth between President Trump, former White House adviser Steve Bannon -- President Trump responding to comments, Bannon apparently made it is soon to be released book by Michael Wolff.
Here's the thing, the media loves, loves Steve Bannon for the moment. They love when Republicans or conservatives are fighting and create a circular firing squad. In real life, they hate Bannon and they hate Trump, but right now they will be supportive of Steve Bannon if they think he's advancing their cause. They love these intramural fights. They love palace intrigue. They love to analyze who's up, who's down.
It's another example; the media's priorities are so screwed up. When do they ever talk about you? When do they ever about making your life better, your kids' lives better? Here's another thing that I've said before -- anyone who works in the White House, they are there to serve the country and the president. That's it -- and the American people. That should be the main goal; people asking me all day today, what do you think about this? I think this. I think the agenda of the American people is point one, two, three, four and a thousand and that should be the focus of everybody.
This isn't going to be a story in 48 hours. Instead of blowing this out of proportion like the media always does, maybe they should be focused on this. Look at this painting by John McNaughton, a guy that's out in Utah, great guy, great painter. I bought that original painting. See that guy sitting on the bench? He represents -- that's called, "The Forgotten Man" painting. It represents the forgotten men and women in this country, all those people in poverty, all those people and food stamps. All those people that don't have jobs, we should be focused on creating jobs, energy independence, securing our borders, fighting back against radical Islamists, rebuilding the military. That's where my focus is.
Joining us now, with Reaction, former Deputy Assistant to the President, Fox News contributor, and Sebastian Gorka; former Arkansas Governor, Fox News contributor Mike Huckabee. He will be the headline Dr. Gorka, Hannity says media is like drug addicts. And you know what? I do. Because they wake up every day and they've got to hate this President and they have ignored so much, what do you think is going on?
Governor, I have to imagine it's a little more personal for you when the media is sitting there attacking your own daughter and questioning whether or not she told the truth about making a pie and they want proof that she made a pie? I mean that's how idiotic and superfluous some of the media have now become.
I'm glad I wasn't there because I was going on a diet. Go ahead.
How did they ignore all of this truth about lawbreaking and corruption? How do they not tell any good story for the most part, Dr. Gorka, very, very little? How is it possible that they are so myopic that there's nobody in charge saying, "Guys, we are a little bit biased here and it's really obvious. This is now a crisis of confidence in what we do." I have to imagine there's somebody that wants to be a professional.
What's your take, Governor, on what happened earlier today with Bannon and the president?
Dr. Gorka, let me get your take on this.
Dr. Gorka, last word.
Do you suspect he was misquoted -- there was a twitter feed tonight quoting me saying something that I wanted to work for Trump. I've never said that. I haven't seen the book.
You doubt Bannon said it?
All right guys, thank you, I appreciate it. When we come back, President Trump continues to show his support for the protesters in Iran as this deadly crisis there deepens.
We will tell you what it means for your national security and Dan Bongino sounding off on the former FBI Director James Comey. We will tell you what he said today and more, straight ahead.
That was the president, that was back in September at the United Nations, predicting the unrest at that is now spreading in Iran tonight. Now, earlier today the President waited such respect for the people of Iran as they try to take back their corrupt government. You will see great support from the United States at the appropriate time. Here with reaction, former U.S. Ambassador to the U.N., Fox News contributor John Bolton, and National Iranian Congress Senate Chairman, President of the Iranian Freedom Institute, Amir Fakhravar, is with us. Good to see you.
We don't have a time like I did on radio today to get into all of your background. You are a student pushing for freedom and liberty. You were in prison in Iran for nearly six years. Every bone in your body was broken. You were tortured. Tell everybody what happened.
"Death to Ayatollah."
That would mean Radical Islamist Mullahs that chant, "Death to America, death to Israel" will not be married to nuclear weapons that they seek so desperately.
Well, I think it's important.
You were beaten.
Every bone in your body nearly was broken.
Let me ask you, you have helped organize what is happening today. You are in touch with them every day. How do you win a revolution without weapons when you have the revolutionary guard and the other military?
Will this be successful? Let me go to Ambassador Bolton. Ambassador, you have been an advocate, I think we made such a big mistake and I'm sure Amir agrees with me, back in 2009. I don't know many revolutions that when with slingshots and baseball bats if people aren't armed, ambassador. My fear is we will wake up to a massacre of a lot of these young students, that is a fear that I believe is quite legitimate, sadly.
What should we do?
What would you like this president to do, and how is this going to be successful? Do you believe the military will turn?
You believe they are today?
What about the revolutionary guard?
Get the story out, get the videos out. Get the images out. How big is this? How many?
I've got to run, I wish you well in your quest for freedom. Ambassador always appreciate you in, thank you, sir. When we come back, the latest. We have the hill's bombshell report. FBI agents believe Hillary Clinton did in fact break the law. Dan Bongino, Austan Goolsbee and later on, Joy Behar lost it. You will love the video of the day, straight ahead.
Tonight we have more of the bombshell report from the Hills John Solomon about the FBI's probe into Hillary Clinton's private email server. Solomon's report stating that FBI agents in fact believed Hillary Clinton and her aides did break the law based on the "sheer volume of classified information that in fact pass on the Clinton server." Solomon also reported that 17 witnesses in the Clinton case, they were all interviewed after James Comey had begun writing his exoneration statement. Here with reaction, RNC spokesperson, Kayleigh Mcenany is with us and Fox News contributor Sara Carter. Sara, before I get to that I want to start with you. There was a meeting today with Paul Ryan, Rod Rosenstein and a deadline of midnight tonight, that would be two hours and 23 minutes from now as it relates to Chairman Nunez, who has been dogged and demanding documents be handed over by the Justice Department. Where are we with that?
Ok.
He is getting everything, we assume is getting everything or he is told he is getting everything?
A good friend of mine, Mike Myers, a guest of this program says you talk about uranium one, you talk about the dossier, you talk about the email server, you talk about how Comey and Strzok, the fix was in, it was all rigged on Hillary and in the email server. When did we get finality? When do we close -- when do these stories come to a conclusion or the Justice Department give us anything to indicate they are on the job?
Don't we know crimes were committed? Don't we know Hillary committed felonies? Is incontrovertible.
You know, there was a fire, thank god nobody was hurt, nobody was at risk at the Chappaqua house Kayleigh today of the Clintons. And an old boss of mine writes me, very sarcastic and very funny. First they tried to delete them, then they used acid watch bleach pit. Then they broke up their blackberries so now they decided to burn the evidence in the Clinton Chappaqua house. He is kidding, for those of you that have no sense of humor. That hate the show. But in all honesty they've done everything to obstruct justice and all of the mishandling is a violation of law. All of it from the get-go. That is not obstruction, I don't know what is.
What should happen now that we know the fix was in and that Comey and Strzok and others rigged that?
Seriously, or they need to do that?
And Sara, you said last night on the show that you thought uranium one would be, perhaps, one of the biggest stories of the year. Is it going to be everything? Do we get finality to the paid for, bought and paid for Russian dossier? To we get answers why, in fact, Mueller and others knew about bribery extortion, money laundering and kickbacks, but still allowed CFIUS to go forward? Nine separate agencies all having to approve the uranium one deal, then the money flowing back. Do we get back to the Clinton email server scandal that would have put people like us in jail?
I don't have any more patients, Sara. My patience is running thin. Michael Myers is right.
All right. Thank you both for being with us, great analysis tonight. When we come back, Dan Bongino has very choice words for the former FBI Director James Comey over a statement Comey put out today. He will join us, along with her friend Austan Goolsbee. And later tonight, our video of the day, Joy Behar, that is all I'm going to say, her jumping the shark again, we will show you.
Former FBI Director James Comey is taking yet another shot at the President and the people who have been critical of the overly politicized FBI investigation. Comey's tweeting quote, we are all -- we are the voices of all the leaders who know that independent department of justice and the FBI are essential to liberty. Our friend Dan Bongino he didn't like it very much, he tweeted back, and independence isn't what you want, what you are asking for his omnipotence. Your hubris was her downfall, and continues to blind you. Dan Bongino joins us now, former secret service agent along with our other good friend, former economic advisor. The only President in history that never reached 3 percent GDP growth in his presidency. Austan, how are you Sir? Happy New Year.
OK. I won't go down that road, because I win. Let me start with you, let's just say for a minute that the FBI is investigating Donald Trump. And Donald Trump -- let's say he has friends in the FBI. And people that are saying things, texting things to boyfriend and girlfriend, I hate Trump, he is a loathsome human being, and that he and the FBI Director, they start writing and exoneration of Trump before they do the investigation. Why do I suspect my friend Austan Goolsbee would be up in arms foaming at the mouth, apoplectic in saying this is not how justice should be done in this country? That is a question. You're supposed to answer it.
I said Austin.
Giving and exoneration of Donald Trump, and he didn't do the investigation and he is writing it. You are telling me you don't think that is a break? Answer the question. Austin, this is really important.
The main interviews and investigation, he is writing an exoneration.
You need to read more and watch the show. I'm helping educate you every day. Dan Bongino.
Go ahead.
If he is writing and exoneration -- --
No we are telling the truth. You just have to keep up.
We are talking about deeds. Let me explain it to you in simple terms.
If you are writing and exoneration with a guy that openly finds this president loathsome, and his writing that to his FBI girlfriend at the time and the exoneration even takes out the legal standard that Hillary Clinton clearly broke. Mishandling of classified information, destroying classified information, those are both felonies. If you are doing that, you are obstructing the justice process, aren't you, Dan Bongino?
I have no respect for his economic background, go ahead.
Hang on, for the sake of our audience, answer point by point. .1, on the exoneration letter.
That was two.
All right. We got to go.
Austan, the only President in history who never reached 3 percent GDP growth in a single year of the presidency, who was it?
When we come back, the video of the day, Joy Behar off the rails again. Wait till you see it.
Time for the absolute worst video of the day. You should probably know by now. Well, it's not rare for the hosts of ABC's the "view" to go completely off the rails. They debate important issue of the day. But Tuesday's edition of the talk show, got disturbing when Joy Behar compared President Trump to Iran's supreme leader. You can't make this up either, take a look.
So enlightening. If it wasn't so funny, it's dark and disturbing. Even coming from Joy or Joyless Behar, should we not be surprised here? Speaking of dark and disturbing, I listened to some of the messages that you left for me on the Hannity hot line. Yes, Hannity hotline is back and here is one of them.
Was that person drinking? Whatever you want to say. Anything you want. There it is on the screen. Call that number. Get it off your chest, whatever it is, 877-225-85-87. That is all the time we have left this evening. Let not your heart be troubled. The news always continues, why, because "The Ingraham Angle" is next.
Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 84  ***************************************************
 
show#: 85  ***************************************************
 He is exactly right. For example a radical Islamist used a van to kill over a dozen in Barcelona, that is back in August. Another terrorist used a vehicle to kill eight on the London Bridge that was back in June. Five were killed in Sweden with a truck. That was back in April. And five more were killed in another vehicle attack in London on Westminster Bridge. That was back in march. What happened today in New York is a senseless, loss of innocent life at the hands of an evil monster.
Joining us now on the ground in New York City is our own Shep Smith. Shep, we lost eight of our fellow New Yorkers today. A dozen plus more injured. And an attack we have seen all too often that you have reported on way too often.
Shep, you and I have both covered way too many of these stories. And almost always there are early indications on social media. I have seen some of them tonight. I'm sure have you seen them. We haven't been able to confirm any though, correct?
All right. And from the "New York Post" standpoint, we will follow their story. Shep, we will be getting back to you throughout the hours.
Shep Smith in New York City tonight. Thank you.
President Trump is reacting strongly to this radical Islamist attack. Ed Henry is in Washington tonight. He has the latest there. Ed?
All right. Ed Henry, we will get back to you throughout the evening. Thank you for being with us.
Joining us now retired CIA senior intelligence officer and Vice President of SPG Daniel Hoffman is with us. You know, one of the things that we are now seeing and this is all across Western Europe, we're seeing it in the United States are these so-called lone wolves. Almost in every case, now, I would say the Vegas shooter. He is a ghost. We don't know a whole lot about him.
Almost in every case there are signs and evidence that they're telegraphing what's coming. I don't know if that's going to happen in this case. But assume for a minute it does. Are we doing enough to monitor social media and get those people that are saying radical ridiculous things, be them Islamic terrorists or whatever?
Yes. As we were saying tonight, the New York Post is reporting that in fact he had pledged allegiance to ISIS. I don't believe for one second that radical Islamists have given up on reproducing or having a huge event like 9/11. But it seems in the interim these lone wolfs are out there. They are pledging allegiance. It's much harder to grasp what's happening or following every single one.
What would be the best way to deal with that? Because I think people want to know how can we stop these individuals that are sitting in their apartments plotting and planning and scheming the killing of innocent people.
We appreciate you being with us. And then we'll get back to you in a few minutes. One thing we might be able to, a political comment, maybe the next time. We watch police on a day like today. They defend all of us. They put their lives at risk. Maybe something happens we can give them the benefit of the doubt. I appreciate you being with us, Daniel, thank you.
Joining us now with more reaction, former deputy assistant to the President Sebastian Gorka. You know, you wrote this book that we can defeat ISIS. When you get to lone wolf territory Dr. Gorka, it becomes that much more difficult. How do we know? We have the most sophisticated weaponry of intelligence available to mankind. Is it possible that we could find every one of these lone wolves before people die like today?
But Dr. Gorka, I'm not taking issue with you. I just think this is important. Are there not people that in the privacy of their own homes or not, you know, somehow identifying with the sick, twisted, evil cause. Adopting, oh, I'm going to be a disciple of -- I'm going to take orders from whoever gives them to me. Make an attack on Halloween and then acts independently? You are saying we should jettison that entire idea that doesn't exist?
You know, you say that and despite of all that's happened and all the terror around the world, I have four TV's in my radio studio today. This was all unfolding live on radio. And I look at a CNN fake news chyron and it actually says, witness, suspect was yelling God is great in Arabic. Okay. He said Allahu Akbar. So somebody at fake news, CNN, there is this fear, remember, in the case, we had the one case where the neighbors saw these guys working late at night and didn't want to say anything.
And I think your point is well taken. Let me ask this question. We have talked at length about the misuse and the great sophistication and the weaponry of our intelligence community. Every phone call I was told by Bill Benny, 34 year veteran, NSA. Every phone call, every email, every text message is literally being monitored by our intelligence. We have the capability of picking it up.
Can we legally, can we thread the needle constitutionally, unreasonable certain and seizure. Can we thread that needle and monitor what people say without getting into people's private lives because we have seen the dangers with surveillance and unmasking and leaking, you know, raw intelligence? General Flynn a victim of this himself.
They will strap bombs on their own children in the names of Allah and promise the 72 virgins. They themselves won't do it but they'll encourage everyone else.
Dr. Gorka, stay with us. Stay right there. A lot more breaking news on this story. We will be bringing it live throughout the hour tonight. We have more of Dr. Gorka, Pam Geller, Geraldo Rivera and later tonight a "Hannity" investigation. My must-see monologue on Robert Mueller's team and how they are complicit in all that happened with Uranium One and much more. We'll investigate the investigators.
As we continue to monitor the very latest news on today's radical Islamic terror attack right here in New York City, Fox News just confirmed that the suspect is now out of surgery after being wounded by brave police officers. As we continue still with Sebastian Gorka.
Also now joining us is Fox News correspondent-at-large Geraldo Rivera and the author of the new book "FATWA: Hunted in America" Pam Geller.
Geraldo, I will bring you in. You are a member on this program over my soldier is Bin Laden in the hills of Torah Bora. And yet, here we are here, you know, 15 years later and here we are still and it's ongoing. They do not give up. This evil, rigid, sick, twisted convert or die ideology continues.
Geraldo, you see those bicycles? There is no way those people in those bicycles survived. They were shredded.
Yes.
We have got to monitor social media with a vigilance. We have the capability. Geraldo, stay there. This book interestingly enough that I'm holding, "FATWA: Hunted in America."
This is out tomorrow "FATWA: Hunted in America." Pam Geller. Well, we have been following. You have been telling everybody that will listen about this evil, sick, ideology. It is, what Geraldo and Dr. Gorka are talking about, the use of the internet. Talk about it.
By the way if you were watching CNN, it was a little different. He was witnessed -- suspect was yelling God is great in Arabic. I'm like oh.
All they want to do is vet. Let's vet them. Dr. Gorka, I hear you.
You guys are bringing a great point. Yes. Geraldo, last word.
Real quick.
All right. Hang on. One at a time. Geraldo, go ahead.
All right. One at a time. Go ahead.
And stereotyping.
We'll have a lot more on this. Stay with us. We'll have the very latest information on this story. New details coming up every minute.
President Trump, he just tweeted again. We will tell you what he said. Plus, a powerful monologue tonight. We investigate the investigators.
And also tonight, the great one, Mark Levin, rare appearance, he is here, busy news night. We'll continue.
This is a Fox News alert. A jihadist struck in New York City today killing 8 people injuring 15. President Trump just moments ago tweeted quote I have just ordered homeland security to step up our already extreme vetting program being politically correct is fine, but not for this. Now, because of all the breaking news, I'm going to have my monologue investigating the investigators, Robert Mueller, wait until you hear this tomorrow. It is unbelievable what we found.
But we continue with Fox News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera, the author of the brand new book fatwa, just out today, hunted in America. Pam Geller. And also Dr. Sebastian Gorka. Geraldo, I did not hear Pam. And I never hear anybody, say all Muslims, nobody on this program thinks that. But there is a, there is a radicalized element within Islam that is causing chaos, death, misery, and want a caliphate where everybody converts to their way or they will be killed. It is a real, clear present danger for everybody. You know that because you lost friends on 9/11.
Can we vet?
If you come from a country, hang on, we are friends. If you come from a country that grow up under Sharia, you grow up when women can't drive. Women are told how to dress. Gays and lesbians are killed. Christians and Jews persecuted. How can we not vet you? Because you bring that sick ideology with you. And I am sorry Sharia as practice in many countries like Saudi Arabia, it is oppressive to women, gays, lesbians, Christians and Jews.
We need to vet them.
I am not asking that.
I want to be fair. Pam?
Dr. Gorka?
Hang on. Geraldo, one at a time.
Geraldo, one at a time.
One of the cops like Ryan Nash. That is how we stopped them so far.
Have you had how many death threats.
Maybe not as many but a lot.
They want you dead. No doubt about it?
We will give 30 seconds closing arguments, Dr. Gorka first.
You are right pressure cookers. The Oklahoma City bombing, Geraldo that was Timothy McVeigh.
Geraldo, why not, if you come from a country that practices sharia, which you know oppresses so many individual groups, why not vet you?
Do you support that though?
OK. That is in some circles in the rest of the media. That is racist?
I have got to roll. Thank you all. We have a lot more coming. Rare interview, the great one, Mark Levine straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Joining us now on this breaking news night with full reactions to the news is the author of the number one best seller rediscovering Americanism and the tyranny of progressivism. A rare appearance is hard to grab this guy out of his bunker, radio talk show host I call him "The Great One," Mark Levin. Mark great to see you, I truly honestly in my heart of hearts wish we didn't have to talk about this again. The President is right about vetting. If you come from these countries with these really sick ideologies and oppression of innocent people. What about people that are here that we never vetted? You can't even vet people that aren't here without being called racist and Islamophobic. Don't we need to do a better job of understanding those that may have bought in to this sick, twisted ideology?
Good grief.
You know, Mark, it seems so basic. It seems so fundamental. It's what we call simple common sense. And that is that, ok, in the light, in light of the death, the destruction, the stated intent to kill innocent men, women, and children, in the name of this fanatical radical Islamic ideology, to me, is basic common sense.
That you, if you want the honor of getting in to this country. One, you should do it legally. Two, we just need to know that you're not going to want to kill us. And similarly, we probably have let many people in that do have extreme ideologies. Now, you're a constitutional authority. How do you do this, thread the needle between the uses of intelligence, vetting people, protecting the fourth amendment, their constitutional rights. And also protecting the American people? It's a harder question than it seems on the surface.
And they go Judge shopping.
None.
Well we can't take the risk too.
So funny what you said about this President being constitutional, but it is on the issue of DACA, it was Barack Obama who said I don't have the power to act unilaterally and it was President Trump that respected coequal branches of government, separation of powers. Things you discuss all out time. All right, we're running out of time. I want to get into a couple of issues.
We have this whole uranium one scandal. Our national security was sold out. Now we learn that Mueller, Rosenstein, Holder, all knew about bribery, racketeering, extortion, money laundering, and all happening in 2009. Holder still signed off on it. Mueller is investigating it. Mueller is employed by Rosenstein. Between that and the Trump dossier that Clinton, the DNC and Obama paid for. Bottom and paid for, Russian, lies propaganda to impact American people in election, I have got to know what you think about this. To me, there is the real Russia conspiracy collusion.
We got 20 seconds.
I have got to roll, Mark.
Listen, I would love to have you more. Come back more often. More "Hannity" after this.
Our thoughts and prayers are always with the people, victim of terror. Eight families tonight lost their love ones. It is unbelievable. This has got to end. That is all the time we have this evening. I want to thank you for being with us. We have our monologue investigating Robert Mueller and his corrupt team of investigators, you don't want to miss it, that is tomorrow night and big announcement coming up tomorrow night. Laura Ingraham is up next. Thank you for being with us.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 86  ***************************************************
 Well, it wasn't a good deal for the American people, and Clinton ended up eating words, because in 1998, North Korea test-fired a long-range missile. By 2006, North Korea had conducted its first nuclear test, and under the Obama administration, the North Korean threat grew rapidly. He did nothing about it, either. It turned into the growing crisis that now the president is facing. No great solution.
As for the fourth major story tonight on our agenda, Republicans on the House Judiciary Committee, they have sent a letter to the Department of Justice -- finally. They're calling for a special counsel to be appointed -- finally -- this time to investigate major scandals with real evidence surrounding Hillary Clinton, James Comey, former Attorney General Loretta Lynch. It's about time they did this, used their authority of subpoena power to restore law in the country.
Guess what? We need equal justice under the law. Now, we've been telling you this for months on the program. There is a massive double standard when it comes to investigating scandals, in this case, that involve Democrats. And the Republicans are in charge.
Now, these are scandals that, of course, the destroy Trump establishment media -- they just routinely ignore despite mountains and mountains of evidence. There's Hillary Clinton, her mishandling of top secret, classified, special access program information on a private email server in a mom and pop shop bathroom. We also know that Clinton deleted -- imagine if Donald Trump deleted 33,000 emails -- and acid washed her computers with BleachBit and then smashed mobile devices with a hammer the way she did. And then, of course, her lawyers did turn over BlackBerrys to the FBI, but guess what? They didn't have SIM cards.
Then there's the real Russia collusion story, the Uranium One deal, which I predict will be the biggest news to come out in the next year or two, where the secretary of state -- remember? -- she approved handing over up to 20 percent of America's uranium, the foundational material of nuclear weapons, to Vladimir Putin and the Russians, all while people involved in the deal in Canada, they kicked back over $145 million to the Clinton Foundation. Bill Clinton doubled his speaking fees in Moscow.
Then you got James Comey testifying under oath. He had a friend leaking comments to the New York Times, some of which were classified, we're told, government information. He's not allowed to do it. Well, that could be a crime also. Comey may have violated the law. Those were -- that was government property, and that could be a violation of the Espionage Act.
Also, Comey admitted before Congress, yes, the former Attorney General Loretta, Lynch pressured him not to tell the truth, that the Clinton email investigation was an investigation. Well, she wanted to call it a matter, and he ended up listening!
And as for Lynch, just days before Comey's announcement that let Hillary off the hook, she met Bill Clinton for 40 minutes at an airport tarmac. Conflict of interest?
And of course, there's the group behind the fake news anti-Trump dossier. It's about the hookers in Russia that turned out not to be true, Fusion GPS. Well, who was paying for that hit piece? Who were they tied to because they had ties to Russia! And as we've been saying for months, the evidence is overwhelming, staggering and incontrovertible, and the Justice Department needs to do the right thing, appoint a special counsel, get to the bottom of all of these scandals.
Also, finally tonight, a stunning report from our friend John Solomon at The Hill about how former Obama Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, made it much easier to unmask members of Congress. Really? And their staffers? Well, that opens the floodgates for Fourth Amendment privacy violations.
With reaction, from The Hill, John Solomon himself, conservative commentator Monica Crowley. OK, so really? We have the former director of national intelligence, then we have the issue of Susan Rice, then we learn from your friend Sara Carter that the general counsel of the FBI is being investigated for also leaking intelligence information. Why is this unmasking story by Clapper so important?
But then we got General Flynn was leaked on. That's a felony. That's a crime. I am hearing, and my sources are telling me, that huge names in the Obama administration -- we have Susan Rice, now we're looking into Clapper, but names that everyone will know, are going to also be revealed in this scandal, that this was widespread at the top. Are you hearing that?
Wow.
All right, Monica, let me ask you this. So the Republican Party -- they're not accomplishing their promises. They're not keeping even a simple one like repeal and replace. I was very happy the president really went in (ph) and said, Do your job. Don't quit.
But more importantly, they have subpoena powers. They have the power that we have given them. They're now in charge of these committees, and only now are they finally beginning to realize that the Democrats and the media want the president destroyed and that there's far more evidence of real wrongdoing and felonies committed, and only now they're getting in the game.
I have heard behind closed doors...
Why aren't they doing their job, Monica? Why aren't they keeping -- it's now eight months, and they haven't kept a simple promise!
... part of my five.
So they care more about -- wait a minute!
Think of what you're saying. So they don't care if they lose, as long as they hurt the president.
Republicans, you're saying that?
You think some.
Do you expect this is going to happen on his economic plan?
You think they'll do this to his economic agenda.
All right, let me ask John one last question...
That's a chilling -- I -- they're part of my five against the president, so I agree with you, but -- I'm going to ask Eric Trump about it later tonight.
Do you believe that based on the information that you haven't shared with us yet -- and I know you're investigating every day, Sara Carter is, as well -- that this whole narrative flips? Because I believe it will boomerang.
You know...
I will say this. I love our intelligence community. And they risk their lives to keep us safe, and the 99.9 percent do such a good job. But if the tools we give them, the weapons of intelligence are turned on the American people the way we're discussing here, that is the foundation of a police state. So that half a percent or half of 1 percent that might be misusing it, that's the deep state that needs to go. Thank you both.
Absolutely agree. Absolutely.
When we come back, the deputy assistant to the president, Dr. Gorka -- he'll join us to talk about how can you deal with North Korea. I don't think there's a good answer. Also, Eric Trump coming up.
All right, that was the president earlier today reassuring the American people his administration will, in fact, deal with North Korean aggression.
Joining us now with reaction, deputy assistant to the president Dr. Sebastian Gorka. Dr. Gorka, I'm really becoming alarmed and concerned. North Korea may be the defining moment, much to our chagrin, because we've got so much to do for the country, of the Trump administration.
And from my perspective, there's no good answer because the Clintons gave North Korea nuclear weapons. All their bribes did not work. All their assurances and -- that they would not get nuclear weapons when we would give them money not to build them. Didn't work out the way they promised, just like Iran will not work out the way the Obama deal was structured.
Well, we know -- we see and read this is really scary. If they can reach with their ICBMs New York -- and I know we have the ability to take these out of the sky, but I'd rather they never be launched.
Here is the other danger, though. I worry about South Korea. I worry about Japan. If this guy is crazy enough, is he going to launch a nuclear war against China? I mean, not exact happy in the -- nor is the president how China is reacting to Pyongyang. And I think they need a stronger response. They have more influence in the region. This is more their regional problem than it should be ours.
But I don't see a good answer. You take out the nuclear sites, what is he going to do next? Is he going to launch a missile on Seoul or Japan?
Well, I think it's also a tale to be told, that we can't expect that bribing Iran is going to result in anything different...
... than the attempts to bribe North Korea. Do you think he's mentally unhinged, mentally unbalanced, or is that an act?
Thank you so much, Dr. Gorka. Serious issues, real evil in our time.
When we come back, Eric Trump -- he'll join us in studio straight ahead.
That was the president earlier today praising his new chief of staff, General John Kelly. Plus, also today, the White House announced Anthony Scaramucci is out as the White House communications director.
In studio, with reaction to the White House shakeup, is from the Trump Organization Eric Trump. Eric, good to see you. How are you?
Appreciate you being here. I read about, I have to read it so my audience doesn't have to go near it, "The Washington Post." And they had an incredible story. Four days after he lost his son in Afghanistan, General Kelly was giving a speech, he said the one thing I don't want you to mention is my son. He talked about the horrible treatment of our military. We ask him to fight, bleed, and die, and then we say, oh, never mind, because it becomes politicized. And then he said something, we are one of only 5,500 American families that have suffered the loss of a child in this war. The death of my boy simply cannot made to seem more tragic than others. And I'm thinking, wow, what an amazing human being.
I was watching your father tweeting all weekend, and I agree with your dad. Either they are quitters, total quitters in the Senate, or repeal and replace is not dead. And I'm like, this is August, your father has been in office since the 20th of January. And I'm a registered conservative, but I mostly vote Republican. I'm like, what is wrong these people?
Regulation gone. The promises kept.
But the Republicans, not only, they all ran on repeal and replace, Eric. Your father, as he said, you guys have made this promise now for seven years. I have a pen in hand, I'm ready to sign it. And the things that your father made promises on the campaign trail that he's kept, but not only that, they have allowed this phony Russian narrative to go out for so long, but yet we we've got the Ukraine collusion, we've got Uranium One, we got the email server scandal which we know laws were broken, you've got Comey leaking, the general counsel we learned of the FBI last week is leaking, Loretta Lynch. They're not even using the power of subpoena to investigate what I truly see as real evidence, real crimes.
Keeping promises is good politics, Eric.
You want to raise money, you want to do well, you want to get reelected, how about you build the wall, repeal and replace.
In Arizona 116 percent this year.
They don't want your father to succeed.
That's sad. I have identified on this program five forces that are against your father. I call it the deep state. There are more intel leaks, seven times the past two administrations against your father. Then you've got obviously have Democrats, they hate him, they don't want him to have one success. And I think your comment is relevant and appropriate.
Then you have got the media, which focuses in on process, palace intrigue, and Russia. Then you have weak Republicans. John McCain had promised us how many years and was so disappointing last week. And the last one is never-Trumpers. But that's a lot of forces ganging up against one guy. Is that the whole swamp?
Eric, good to see you. Thanks for stopping by, thank you.
And coming up on this busy breaking news night, the Trump administration are not backing down from the battle to repeal and replace Obamacare. Republicans, grow up and keep your promise. Former governor Mike Huckabee is next straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So Republican lawmakers in the Senate, they failed to repeal and replace ObamaCare after seven long years of promises. But the president, he is not giving up. Instead he is continuing to put pressure on Congress to make good on the promise of repeal and replace and replace it with something that actually works.
Joining us now with reaction as well as the shakeup in the White House, former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee. Governor, one thing that was missing in my mind, I've read Patient Power, Cato Institute, Musgrave, Goodman, what, 15, 20 years ago, and ever since I believed in IRA account, health savings accounts for people. I've been interviewing this guy from Wichita, Dr. Josh Umbehr, Atlas M.D., about health care cooperatives, $50 a month, unlimited care, total access to your doctor 24/7. Not one time last week when the Republicans were wetting toilet paper and throwing it against the wall with their ridiculous ideas did I hear any of these creative, free market solutions. Why?
I agree.
I'm not the biggest fan on Lindsey Graham and John McCain. But Lindsey Graham is involved in the very idea of block granting money to states, and if California wants to go single-payer, let them pay for. So do you support this as may be the final solution where you can get Murkowski and people like McCain back on board?
Governor, I see the president, he goes out and speaks to these huge crowds, has these amazing rallies, and you see the reaction of people. Right now I look at the Republican Party without an identity. They are not saying build the wall. They can't even get a seven-year promise fulfilled and get their act together or not. We see very specific ideas from the president on energy, on the radical Islam, on building borders, the president's economic plan, middle-class tax cuts, corporate cuts, repatriation for multinational corporations. Where is the identity of the Republican Party, free-markets, capitalism, more freedom, less government intrusion, bureaucracy, where are these discussions within that party? What do they stand for at this point?
Does McConnell need to go?
Don't you love the easy questions? Go right ahead. I think if he can't get this done he needs to go.
We will stay on them. We will hold them accountable. Governor, great to see you, thank you.
When we come back, GOP lawmakers on the House Judiciary Committee, finally, we have been calling for this for two months, they are talking about calling for a second special counsel to be named. Why? Investigate Lynch and Comey, and, yes, Hillary Clinton. Larry Elder, Gregg Jarrett, next.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So as we mentioned in tonight's opening monologue, Republicans on the House Judiciary Committee, they sent a letter to the DOJ requesting that they appoint yet a second special counsel, this time to investigate Loretta Lynch, James Comey, and Hillary Clinton. We have been saying this forever.
Joining us with reaction, Fox News anchor, attorney Gregg Jarrett, Salem radio nationally syndicated host Larry Elder. You know I've been on this for weeks. There's nothing with Russia, nothing, but yet Ukraine, Uranium One, Hillary's emails, James Comey, we have so many other issues, Loretta Lynch. It's about time, finally.
Comey was going to pay that. And we have on top of that, look at where that money comes from. And Larry, you are an attorney, too. I want to know where that money came from. I want to know if that money, could it have been laundered, $145 plus million is a lot of money.
Could we add Debbie Wasserman Shultz's I.T. guy, and we know he was double billing and we know she kept him on for a year afterwards, and we know that there were hard drives, government hard drives smashed. What is it with Democrats and BleachBit acid washing, taking hammers to iPhones and BlackBerries, and destroying hard drives and getting away with that, because I would be in jail and calling both of you to bail me out.
Take any of these scandals, Gregg, and you take out DNC, and put in RNC destroying hard drives, Gregg, you destroy BlackBerries and iPhones with hammers, you acid wash and BleachBit 33,000 emails, you send the FBI phones without SIM cards. And I'm thinking I'm paying you a lot of money for the next three years of my life to try and get me out of what is the impossible.
Why isn't the Republican Party using their power of subpoena? I know they are not using their power to legislate and keep promises. But you would think that maybe they would use their investigative authority, the fact that they run these committees, and they've allowed the narrative to be Russia, Russia.
There are going to be top Obama names involved in unmasking coming out in the days to come. I got a roll. Larry, good to see you., and Gregg, always good to see you, too.
When we come back, I'm so sorry to my friends Diamond and Silk with all the breaking news last week. We didn't give them all the final words that they deserve. Our friends are back for the final word tonight.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So our friends, the Republican duo Diamond and Silk, they are back. They get the final word tonight, and I apologize for last week. Take a look.
They are the funniest. I love them. And they will be back again this week, later this week.
Unfortunately that's all the time we have left this evening. Remember, this show will always be fair and balanced. We are not the leftwing, destroy-Trump, establishment media. Thanks for being with us. See you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 87  ***************************************************
 All right, Jake, if I may interrupt you, sir, for one second, the press conference starting. Let's go to that.
It appears that ends the press conference, Manchester, England, Sky News covering it. And as we've been talking about here, we're now following everything we've been reported now seems to be confirmed at that press conference. They gave out a number for people that are in Great Britain to call if they have any information that they can share with the police there.
Joining is now with the very latest, our own Trace Gallagher. He's in our West Coast newsroom tonight -- Trace.
All right, Trace Gallagher joining us tonight.
As I said, the U.K. police are treating this event as a terrorist attack, a specific attack in this case that would be targeting children and young teenagers.
Joining us now, our reporter on the ground in Washington is our own Catherine Herridge, who has been in contact with our own Department of Homeland Security and has a report for us.
All right, Catherine Herridge in Washington tonight.
Joining us now, FOX News senior correspondent Geraldo Rivera, from the American Center for Law and Justice, Jay Sekulow, former FBI special agents Manny Gomez.
You know, it's very -- this is the first instance that I -- we know that children have been targeted. We know that children have been used as suicide bombers. We know that children have been indoctrinated. But a specific attack, in this case, as police in Great Britain are treating this incident as an act of terrorism targeting children and young teenagers, Geraldo.
I remember that night.
You know...
Which is always the case.
Jay, I want to go you, especially -- I had prepared a show tonight before this act of terror, as they are believing it is, in Great Britain and police are investigating it as such, about a tale of two presidents. And that was Barack Obama's apology tour and specifically the speech in Saudi Arabia that Donald Trump gave this weekend where he framed this fight against ISIS.
And I'm going to give you a couple of quotes here -- and other terror groups -- as a battle between good and between evil. "A better future is only possible if your nations drive out terrorists and drive out extremists," he said. He said, "Drive them out. Drive them out of your places of worship. Drive them out of your communities. Drive them out of your holy land. Drive them out of this earth."
And then he said "deny all territory to the foot soldiers of evil." And then he went on to say, "It is a choice between two futures and it's a choice, this case, America cannot make for you. And he says, "Our friends will never question our support. Our enemies will never doubt our determination. We are not here to lecture," and he goes on from there.
This is the caliphate...
All right, Manny, let me actually play the Trump speech from this weekend -- "Drive them out." It was beyond powerful, especially in light of what police are treating as an incident of terror tonight.
Manny, I'll say in -- considering the location of where he said that, compared to 2009 and Barack Obama -- by far -- and I know the liberal destroy Trump media tinfoil hat conspiracy theorists are not covering it to the extent they should have. Networks didn't even cover that speech! But he gets it. He has the moral clarity to understand the nature of this conflict.
Appropriate and courageous.
Yes.
Let me go -- Nigel Farage is joining us. Of course, he was one of the leaders of the Brexit movement and a personal friend of mine. And as the police I know in Great Britain are treating this as an incident, an act of terrorism, and as I mentioned and Geraldo mentioned, targeting young children, targeting young teenagers.
First, Nigel, as a dear friend, my thoughts, my prayers. And all of our prayers go out to you and our friends in Great Britain and England and Manchester.
And your thoughts on what's going on there and what you think this is and what it means.
You know, Nigel, you and I had many discussions. And I know you supported President Trump when he was a candidate. And I know he's taken great fire and heat for wanting to protect America's borders, and of course, vetting refugees from countries whose values they grew up with directly contradict our constitutional values. I called it a clash of cultures.
If you grow up under sharia law, where men oppress women and gays and lesbians and Christians and Jews, we have a right to know if you want to bring those values with you, or if you want to assimilate into our societies. I've talked about the Islamization (sic) of Europe, and you have warned your friends here America that we are headed down the wrong path that you believe your country is headed down.
He -- you know, I felt -- I felt for many years that Prime Minister Netanyahu was the lone voice of moral clarity on the world stage. I've even said during the Obama years he was the only adult on the world stage that understood the nature of this evil. And now it's clear that this -- that -- that the prime minister now has a partner.
And to target -- I mean, if you don't believe in evil, if you target children and young adults, I don't think there's anything more profoundly evil than that. And recognizing that truth and confronting it the way he did is so important, I believe, for the safety and security of good and free people around the world. And you're right, by allowing the Islamization (sic) of Europe and not checking people's backgrounds, once they get into Germany or France, they also get into the entire European continent.
Nigel, our thoughts and prayers go out to you, my friend, and the people of Great Britain.
You have been a very good friend to the United States. We, I'm sure, will want to support you in any way we can.
Let me go back to Geraldo. In so many ways, you and I have had relatively minor conflict in regard to immigration. You now support a wall. You support a lot of these measures. You've got to admit, Geraldo, the conflict of civilizations -- if you grew up under sharia and you're a man and you can oppress women, and you do oppress women, you put gays and lesbians to death -- Christians can't build a church. Jews can't build a synagogue. It is a clash of cultures that is so wide and deep that we've got to admit a truth here!
Because I've influenced you over the years.
No, I'm kidding.
Let me go to Jay...
Jay, I want to be clear to our audience. Police are currently treating this as an incident or as an act of terror. We don't have full and complete knowledge of all the facts yet.
But there's been so many and it almost always turns out to be -- it's a perfect time, in light of the president's speech, to examine all of this. And I think we really need a reassessment as free people around the world, and that is to go exactly to the heart of what the president challenged the Muslim world to do on their own, to throw them out, to get rid of them or to drive them out of their places of worship, drive them out of their countries.
No ground will we cede to them. And it's got to be treated as a cancer in human society.
You know, we're indoctrinating these kids, Palestinian kids, when they're 3! They're being taught to hate Jews and Christians and Americans.
But it's always been -- this...
Nobody seems to understand...
... the whole caliphate -- what the caliphate is. The caliphate is convert or die. The caliphate is a worldwide expansion. And you either accept their way or they will kill you. That's -- that's what it says! That's what the ideology is.
Look, hang on, Jay. Let me bring in now the editor-in-chief of Breitbart London, Raheem Kassam, who is with us. You know, all throughout human history -- I wrote a book in 2004 and the book was "Deliver Us From Evil." And I did a study and a research on Stalin and the gulags and Russia and Nazism and fascism and the killing fields in Cambodia, and in the last century, Raheem, 100 million human souls killed by evil! This is evil in our time!
And the two world leaders that are speaking out the loudest -- and he was alone for a long time -- were the prime minister of Israel, Benjamin Netanyahu, and now this weekend he has a president that has the same moral clarity as he does!
Oh, Raheem, I mean...
You know, it's funny because when I have studied the Quran and some of these controversial statements within it, I'm told that my interpretation is wrong, even though when you take the exact verbiage out of there -- and I'm willing to listen to those -- I've always felt there's been -- there have been those that have spoken out against evil in their religion.
With all due respect to the Saudis, where the president spoke this weekend, they have played both sides of the fence. They have treated women, they have killed -- horribly. They have killed gays and lesbians for no reason! They have persecuted Christians and Jews. And they are bigoted and they do not allow the free practice of religion or freedom of speech or equal rights to women, and what they do to gays and lesbians is evil in our time. They throw them off roofs and they hang them.
Now, I want them to take on their radical elements, but they also need to modernize. And we've got to demand that from them, as well.
Raheem, please convey to all our friends in Manchester in England and all the victims and their families our deepest sympathies, our thoughts and prayers.
Thank you for being with us. Joining us now is our own Shepard Smith. Shep will be picking up the coverage at 11:00 eastern tonight, 8:00 pacific as we go off the air. And Shep, what's the very latest?
Shep, let me interrupt you. What you are describing sounds a lot like the Tsarnaev brothers in the Boston Marathon with the pressure cooker that maximized the flow, if you will, the explosion and the expansion of the shrapnel that they had put in that bomb.
Shep, what you're really describing here, as awful, as horrible, these numbers are awful and horrible and evil. You're right, inside this could have been 10 times what we see here. And again, the nature of evil and the threat in our time is monumental and must be dealt with. And by the way, Shep will continue his coverage tonight, 11:00 eastern, 8:00 pacific. Shepard Smith, thank you for joining us, appreciate it.
Geraldo, you wanted to weigh in?
I don't want to interrupt your flow, but we have seen this all throughout Israel. Pizza parlors, malls. We've discussed you and I on this program and privately, what's the next layer? It's going to be the Mall of America. We will wake up one day, simultaneous surface to air missiles taking out commercial airliners. We are not ready, Geraldo, in my opinion.
They want to convert you. They want you to convert, Geraldo, or die.
You lost some friends on 9/11. I did. Manny, you lost friends too. And I think Geraldo is right. I interviewed Prime Minister Netanyahu the time before this most recent interview, and the last words he said in the interview to me, a preview of coming attractions for you, America. It was always said that Israel was the little Satan but that we are viewed as the great Satan. And obviouslyEurope is in the mix as well.
Hang on. Manny, stay right there. We have Sky News has aired new video of this explosion at tonight's concert in Manchester. Listen to this.
Wow. That was extremely loud. Joining is now with reaction to that, FOX News national security expert Dr. Walid Phares. Dr. Phares, your reaction to our discussion and news out of Manchester tonight?
You and I have discussed at length radical Islamic terrorism. And again, I want to be clear they are treating this incident as an act of terrorism. We haven't confirmed. Many experts I'm talking to believe that the fingerprints of the type of attacks that we have seen are very similar to what we saw in Manchester tonight.
And Walid, there's one other thing that President Trump said in Saudi Arabia. He said terrorists do not worship God, they worship death. Your life will be empty, your life will be brief, and your soul will be fully condemned. I don't know anybody that was as truthful, honest, and outspoken on this issue than the president bravely speaking out in Saudi Arabia.
Jay Sekulow, I'll bring you back in if I may. And again, we go back to those statements. Those are pretty strong, powerful statements, and probably the only person I know that has come close to it with that moral clarity that I discussed is the prime minister of Israel.
One of the things I think the world is going to have to come to grips with is a very simple thing. And I thought I saw this on Saturday. No apologies, no political correctness, and no happy talk, no Pollyanna fantasy here. And draw a line. There is good and there is evil. As I mentioned earlier, 100 million human souls, communism, fascism, Nazism, imperial Japan, the killing fields in Cambodia, you put it all together, that's 100 million human beings slaughtered. This is not a game. And if we treat this with, oh, we've got to be kind and we can't offend people, people are going to die because we are weak. We've gotten, by the way, Sky News a longer version of the video showing the explosion from inside the Manchester arena. This just breaking. Let's play that.
Wow. That sounds exactly like an explosion that is strong, deep, powerful, and as we pointed out, Geraldo, if that had happened at a different location based on what we're being told and Shep reported, I shudder to think the damage, the murder, the death, the destruction.
By the way, Sky just went up to 59 injured, NBC has 20 dead. We have 19 here at the FOX News Channel. Still a dramatic toll, and it could have been worse based on what we're learning, dramatically worse.
The shrapnel you're talking about, I just recently watched coincidentally a post Tsarnaev Boston bombing video live, just the injured. It has been since that time, I know we are in the news business. We have to move on. We talk about other stories. But the deadly aftermath that these people live with day in and day out -- stay right there. From the Heritage Foundation, Nile Gardiner, and the president for the Security Studies Group Jim Hanson. Jim, you had some pretty controversial remarks you want to address it with our audience?
I stand corrected and apologize.
I think that's well said. Go ahead.
We haven't heard from Nile yet. Sir?
The one thing that I'll also take out of President Trump's speech in Saudi Arabia, as courageous as it was because he was speaking before the entire Muslim world and 50 Arab countries is that he went right to the heart of it dealing with it head on in a way we haven't done before.
Our own Catherine Herridge is now saying a government official said they are working to assess what happened in Manchester, and based on preliminary media reports, they are now noting in Great Britain if confirmed as terrorism, and again, the police are currently treating the incident as an act of terrorism. If confirmed, it is a level of sophistication beyond recent U.K. based plots involving knives and vehicles as weapons. And these reports of shrapnel that we've been talking about now are concerning and point to a premeditation and a plot that may have been directed by a foreign terrorist organization.
And the explosion at the exit again shows the potential that there could have been much more carnage as a closed space amplifies the effect of the explosion and the disfiguring impact, in other words of the shrapnel, maximizing casualties, maximizing injuries, which shows the degree of sophistication and level of evil that we have been talking at length about tonight. Jay, you wanted to weigh in at length?
Wait a minute. Go back. I forget which case it was. It was San Bernardino. Do you remember that there were neighbors that saw the late activity at night in the garage, and they were afraid. Why were they afraid? Because they didn't want to be blamed for, quote, "racial profiling" or Muslim profiling. But meanwhile the activity was odd and strange and weird and it raised their suspicions, and they were afraid out of political correctness and a pressure that comes from a liberal media to speak up.
Hang on, this is important.
And 80 percent -- you saw the Harvard study, 93 percent of CNN, who colluded with Hillary, coverage is negative to Donald Trump. Or NBC, obsessed with the conspiracy theory. I will get into this tomorrow. In spite of zero evidence, month after month after month after month --
CNN is collaborators, and in a political art of war, advancing leftism conspiracy theories. It is bizarre and beyond belief. By the way, I will be addressing both of them as soon as possible on their show.
Joining us now on the phone, Act for America President Brigitte Gabriel. She's been on the phone many, many times, herself growing up under very difficult circumstances in strict Sharia, if I remember correctly, Brigitte, and warning people as often as you possibly can the dangers of a clash of cultures.
It's not a surprise at all. You've been through this over the many years, and we've discussed it over the many years.
One of the great evils of radical Islam and Sharia law, Brigitte, is the treatment of women and the abuse of women. And we mentioned earlier, gays and lesbians killed. We mentioned earlier the mistreatment and the lack of tolerance for freedom of religion and the persecution of Christians and Jews. There's a big story that we have covered on this program, and I covered it extensively on my radio program, there is a modern day genocide against Christians and a purging of Christians and Yazidis in Iraq and around the world, and a purging that very few people have time to cover, like CNN or NBC, because they're so busy advancing a theory about collusion with no evidence whatsoever about Donald Trump.
By the way, I want to go right back to you. Ariana Grande in her verified Twitter account just tweeted moments ago, two minutes ago, about "Broken from the bottom of my heart. I am so sorry. I don't have words." Obviously nobody holds her accountable. These are young -- even preteenagers. My daughter likes Ariana Grande. Her friends like her. Teenage girls like here. And that just adds a level of evil.
How many Muslims worldwide?
Isn't there a certain fear among those that are moderate, those that are peaceful, for example, under Sharia law in countries, if you are an apostate, the penalty for apostasy is death.
There is a friend of mine that works here in the studio with us, and I worked with him almost 20 years. How many years have you been here? About 20. OK. And his wife is from England, and Manchester. He says these towns are prepared for terrorism. And you reported Manchester police had done a terror attack training, et cetera, so maybe we should clarify that in fact - everybody is preparing for it. That's the whole thing.
Identify it like Trump did.
Thank you all. I want to remind you what the president said this weekend. A battle between -- I can't read without my glasses. A battle between good and evil. Terrorists don't worship God, they worshiped death. And then he said drive them out, drive them out of your places of worship, drive them out of your communities, drive them out of your holy land, and drive them out of this earth. That's a good way to end on the program.
That's all the time we have left. Stay tuned for our continuing coverage. Our friend Shepard Smith is next. We'll see you back here tomorrow night.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 88  ***************************************************
 Now, some in the media are coming to terms with what they did and what they said and how they covered it all up, because what they did -- the things they did to protect Bill Clinton and discredit at a high level his accusers, is beyond indefensible, it is shameful.
Let me explain. You will not see this anywhere else on television. Back in 1992 during a president or primaries, remember the name Gennifer Flowers? She went public, she revealed she had a 12-year affair with Bill Clinton. She even released taped phone conversations. To deal with the allegations, what did the Clinton campaign do? They set up a warm room and sprang into action. Their job, to smear and discredit Gennifer Flowers. And Bill and Hillary, they go on "60 Minutes" lie, deny the charges, and what did they do? They attacked Gennifer Flowers' character. Watch this.
I've said that before, and so has she. They were lying. And -- because he later had to admit during a deposition, he finally admitted during the Monica Lewinsky case that he did in fact have that sexual encounter with Gennifer Flowers.
And then there's Hillary Clinton. That was only the beginning of her attempts to smear her husband's accusers, to further attack Flowers. Hillary Clinton told Vanity Fair -- watch this. "If we'd been in front of a jury I would say, 'Ms. Flowers, isn't it true you were asked by the AP in June of 1990 and you said, no? Weren't you asked the Arkansas Democrat, and you said, no?' I mean, I would crucify her."
Really, Hillary? Crucify her?
And it gets worse. In his book about Hillary, Carl Bernstein of all people wrote that Clinton referred to Gennifer Flowers as, quote, "trailer trash," and that Clinton undertook a, quote, "aggressive campaign to go after Flowers."
Years later, I did interview Gennifer Flowers where she described her affair with Bill Clinton and how she feared for her safety. Watch this.
Yes.
And she was smeared for years, and she had told the truth.
Then there's Paula Jones, she accused Bill Clinton of confronting her in a hotel room and dropping his pants and exposing himself, and worse. Watch this.
And she said that many times prior. In 1998, Bill Clinton ended up paying Paula Jones $850,000 in an out-of-court settlement for her to drop her sexual harassment charges against him. And in a related case, Bill Clinton actually lost his license to practice law in Arkansas for five years. Not many people in the media report that.
And according to The New York Times, CNN and many other outlets, longtime Clinton ally James Carville said this about Paula Jones. Quote, "If you drag a $100 bill through of trailer park, you never know what you'll find." He worked at fake news CNN.
Paula Jones later said that there was no way that Hillary did not know that her husband was abusing women.
Next, we got former White House intern Monica Lewinsky. Bill Clinton infamously lied about having a sexual relationship with Lewinsky. Remember this?
Now, just like the other accusers, Hillary had a less than flattering nickname for Monica Lewinsky. According to a journal entry that was made public, Hillary's friend Diane Blair described Hillary's reaction to Lewinsky scandal as, quote, "Well, she says to his credit that he tried to break it off, tried to pull away, tried to manage someone who was clearly a narcissistic Loony Toon, but it was beyond control."
In an interview with Diane Sawyer in 2014, Hillary Clinton was given a chance to deny that she ever said that about Monica Lewinsky and Clinton, well, interestingly, decided to decline a comment. Watch this. OK, sorry, it didn't show up.
Now, next is Kathleen Willey. I've interviewed her many times. She is a former volunteer White House aide and accused Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct in 1993. I have interviewed Kathleen Willey many times about this encounter. This now gets worse and worse. Watch this.
He assaulted you?
And he touched, grabbed, fondled and kissed you against your will?
And it is an allegation that is not made by one woman, it's made by multiple women.
Now, Kathleen Willey would later slam Hillary Clinton for enabling her husband's behavior.
And finally, there was the most serious, the most disturbing allegation against Bill Clinton. According to Juanita Broaddrick, Bill Clinton raped her in 1978 when he was the attorney general of the state of Arkansas. Take a look at this.
You described the scene where he was biting on your lip and then when it was all over he was leaving. He said you, better put some ice on that.
You begged him to stop?
And during that same interview, Juanita Broaddrick explained why she was fearful to come forward to tell her story. Watch this.
People say, well, you waited 20 years. Do you regret waiting, and why did you wait?
Why did you originally deny it considering this was a legal matter?
You are afraid.
Now, you just heard Bill Clinton's accusers in their own words describe in graphic detail what they say happened to them. Now, despite all of that, the Democrats, the liberals, destroy-Trump media, the mainstream media, they didn't believe them. They attacked them. They discredited these women, and Hillary Clinton, well, she talked it all up to some bizarre, vast right-wing conspiracy. Remember this.
Now, this tells you everything you need to know about how Hillary Clinton sees these victims. It's part of a much larger pattern that we've seen over decades. For example, Clinton's 1992 presidential campaign, remember, they coined the term "bimbo eruptions" to describe the women who came forward, and there were many, many more. And George Stephanopoulos, he wrote in his memoir that in 1991 Hillary Clinton said, quote, "We have to destroy her" when destroying one of Clinton's accusers.
Now, we did reach out to the Clintons for comment about all of this, of course they never got back to us. That's not surprising considering everything that they did, everything the Democrats and the media enabled and covered up, almost 30 years. The Clintons over these years have been given a free pass by their political party and their friends and their allies in the news media, you know, the ones they colluded within in the last campaign.
And up until just a few days ago, the media and Democrats viciously attacking Bill Clinton's accusers. Here's what they said about Clinton's accusers just last year in the 2016 election. Watch this.
Tramps that slept with my husband? Now it's nice to see that some in the press are finally nearly 30 years later coming around to acknowledge Clinton's actions, we have to ask, what took you so long? Where were you when these accusers were coming forward? Why did you trash and discredit these women on a regular basis?
And I want to tell you another thing, unlike the rest of the abusively biased news media in this country, I did go down and take this seriously, sat down with them, let them tell their stories before I made a decision in these cases. You know what? Why couldn't the press do the same thing? Here's why.
The media has protected Democrats, people like the Clintons, by enabling their abuses and predatory behavior for decades. And guess what? Countless women suffered as a result.
So, this is important as a history lesson. We are, you know, here tonight -- where all the apologies to those women, the Clinton accusers, attacked by the campaign, by that war room? George Stephanopoulos worked in the war room. James Carville smeared by Hillary Clinton, discredited by the mainstream media.
Isn't it about time they all had their day of reckoning? My answer to Judge Moore is coming up later.
Joining us now with their reaction, Fox News correspondent-at-large Geraldo Rivera, conservative columnist Monica Crowley. This was last year they were still doing this. And the thing is, it was systematic because of their policies, and the sanctimony, the self-righteousness that exists today by some of the very people that enabled, they colluded with Hillary. They never brought this up with her, they never ask her why she was involved in all of this behavior. That's recent, that's last year.
Geraldo?
Well, go ahead, you say or think, go ahead.
She was the presidential candidate last year and they never asked her in the media, Geraldo, that was last year.
You are missing the point. If you have set on this program --
Okay. Excuse me, I disagree. If Roy Moore is unfit because of forty-year allegations, and you're right, more coming tonight, as the left have been telling us, isn't that the same left in the country that still voted for her a year ago? How did they pay? She came close, in a sense, she really got killed in the election.
Smear, slander.
All right. Let me get to Monica.
The lion of the Senate.
Selective moral outrage.
All right. Thank you both. I appreciate it.
All right. When we come back, the media was complicit in dismissing Bill Clinton's accusers during last year's election and for the last 20 plus years. Later, I will respond, Judge Roy Moore wrote me an open letter, we will get to that straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." As we told you earlier, the mainstream media, they refused to listen to the numerous, the many women and accusations of sexual misconduct against President Bill Clinton, even up and through the 2016 election, and Hillary's role in smearing and besmirching these women who made those allegations over these years.
Take a look.
No. She wasn't, she does help smear the woman. Joining us now with reaction, from The Hill Joe Concha, FOX News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett.
It's the legal thing that really irritated you about him from the beginning.
One year ago that was the media defending Hillary. Ignoring her role in smearing of these women.
Juanita Broaddrick.
Remember --
Right.
They'd never hear it.
See, I am arguing all of these years up to, including this past election year. Like I talk about Hillary Clinton, I talk about taking money from countries that practice Sharia. And as a matter of law, abused women, kill gays and lesbians, persecute Christians and Jews. I brought it up so often. Nobody talked about that really but this show and maybe a few others.
But I'm arguing that the media has been complicit in that even less, oh, she's an angel and all this, that would never was true because politics trump the outrage that they are now showing today over -- it's not just Roy Moore, over everything. So, in other words, I don't believe that they are sincere. Politics trumps what they are saying today. That makes them lying hypocrites.
What do we, how do we sort through allegations -- because if some of these allegations are true, it is mind numbing. What Ivanka said today resonates with me. I have a 16-year-old daughter. It resonates with me. Somebody preys on a young child, you have a special place in Dante's inferno in hell.
Forty years in public service. Doesn't matter -- like in the case of Juanita either, she waited 20 years, I believed her.
That is like the Weinstein effect.
Weinstein, Kevin Spacey effect.
I've got to break. But Legally speaking, the governor of Alabama does have authority -
Would it be the right thing to do for the people of Alabama?
Truth, answers, resolution.
It's not he said, she said anymore. I have a handwriting expert on my radio show tonight. They can tell a 100 percent certainty. They will compare it to his writing at the time.
That is right. They have the forensic -- there's forensics now involved. Absolutely. Coming up, Democrats are desperately trying to undermine President Trump. We will show you the latest tactics, and you will not believe, big breaking news as it relates to the stories about what has happened, uranium one, the dossier, all these things coming up straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." As we have been warning on this program, the left, liberals are doing everything they can do undermine Donald Trump's presidency, and now it has reached a fever pitch. Congresswoman Maxine Waters earlier this week at the glamour magazine women of the year awards. Watch this.
It doesn't end there. Today a half a dozen Democrats announced that they would be filing articles of impeachment against President Trump. It really? Watch this.
Here with reaction, Salem national syndicate radio talk show host our friend Larry Elder, although I disagree a lot. Also Civil Rights Attorney Daryl Parks. Daryl, do you think is a lawyer, any reason for impeaching this President? Any evidence that you can cite that would warrant such a thing?
I didn't ask you that. You are a lawyer, you are an attorney, can you think of anything specifically that would warrant the impeachment, high crimes and misdemeanors, sir?
I'm not asking you to decide. Is there anything close to evidence, you are a lawyer, help me out here. Counselor, is there any evidence that would warrant high crimes and misdemeanors?
So the answer is no. So what we are watching is a lot of hateful rhetoric and politics, Larry.
Daryl?
Daryl, can you say that the President has done a good job on those issues like Larry just listed?
Answer the question. Did he do a good job on those issues? Counselor, did you do a good job? Good job?
You mean, Obamacare has broken promises about keeping your doctor plan and keeping your money, they were lies, right?
Where they lies, Counselor?
All right we have breaking news tonight. The hills John Solomon is out with yet another big blockbuster breaking news story. This time John Solomon reveals Hillary Clinton, she may have received special treatment now from the FBI during its investigation into the handling of classified information on that server. At the one where she destroyed it all and bleach bit at all. According to the FBI, the deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe issued an email declaring that the Clinton investigation has been given "special status and would be handled by a small team of high- ranking FBI officials." Wow, also tonight, Hillary Clinton saying the appointment of a special counsel to investigate uranium one would be an abuse of power. Here now, national security strategist former deputy assistant to the President Sebastian Gorka. Doctor Gorka, on top of the fact that we now know Comey was writing the exoneration letter before he did his investigation. This goes into him changing the words, extreme carelessness, instead of gross negligence, all done on purpose. Seriously? Who are these people? Why did she get special consideration? No equal justice under the law?
It seems, not at all. Especially when you put it altogether. The Loretta Lynch meeting and changing the language and making decisions ahead of time, and I am told from my sources tonight this is only going to get worse, the fix was in, as I've been saying. What about the Republican house and senate investigators today? Launching their effort to secure the evidence from federal agencies about this uranium one deal, the corruption case as they prepare to interview the FBI informant, this new informant was telling the FBI a year and a half for four uranium one that there was a network in the United States. He had his own experience, he had emails, and he had documents. He had tapes where he knew bribery, extortion, money laundering, racketeering was all happening.
A matter, not an investigation. All right, Judge Roy Moore, public letter to me, I will respond next, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity," you may remember last night I addressed the Roy Moore issue at the end of the program. I decided to do it again at the end of the program tonight to be consistent in terms of where we put in the program. It's important. Three more women have today come forward making accusations against senate candidate Judge Roy Moore. Clearly this now raises new issues in the state of Alabama. Things are getting worse, and now very tough on the voters of Alabama. I lived there, I will talk about that in the second. Last night on this broadcast I demanded answers from Judge Moore. When the Judge's story broke. Just a reminder, I laid out a history. I don't rush to judgment, and I said these allegations are so serious, they should all transcend politics. Sadly, it's not, but it should. I'm never going to apologize for not rushing to judgment.
The issue of presumption of innocence is important to all of us. However, these allegations are beyond disturbing and serious. I have a 16-year-old daughter. Ivanka Trumps said something today. There is a special place in hell for people who prey on children. Ivanka Trump is right. There is a special place in hell for predators that is something everyone should agree with. That should not be political.
Now with George Moore, unlike everyone else in the media, I went right to the source. I interviewed him. I went to "the Washington Post" allegations methodically, point by point through each and every allegation in "the Washington Post" in that piece, and I let him respond. Shockingly, for the first time in my life, even the liberals praised that interview. Rarity for me. For me and so many others, because what happened in that interview, it did raise new questions. Then came the issue of the yearbook that allegedly shows Judge Moore's message to one of his accusers, and that is why for the sake of the people of Alabama last night I demanded answers. They deserve them. Those people of Alabama deserve them before an election.
And today we got the answers to the questions that we ask. Let me give you Judge Roy Moore's attorney in a press conference and question the validity of the yearbook signature. He said it could be forged and demanded a forensic analysis. I spoke to a forensic analyst on my radio show today. He said they will be able to tell if the ink is fresh or not, and they will be able to look at comparisons to his handwriting then and in that your book and determine if it was his. Judge Moore today, late tonight released a letter to me. Let me read it to you. I will read it in full. I think that is fair.
Dear Sean, I'm suffering the same treatment of the Republicans have had to endure. A month prior to the general election to U.S. Senate in Alabama I have been attacked by "the Washington Post" and other liberal media in a desperate attempt to smear my character and defeat my campaign. Over the last 40 years I have held several public offices, including deputy, district attorney, circuit Judge, chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court. In addition to running five state wide and three counter campaigns for public office, I have been involved in two major controversies that attracted national attention, one about the Ten Commandments, and the other about the sanctity of marriage. The Alabama judicial inquiry commission, court of the judiciary and Attorney General have investigated, scrutinized and examined and vetted me, not to mention every opposing candidate against whom I have run. I have been married for almost 33 years to my wife, and we have four children, five granddaughters. We are in the process of investigating these false allegations to determine their origin, motivation. For instance, we have documented that the most recent accuser, Beverly Nelson, was a Party in a divorce action before me in Etowah county circuit court in 1999. No motion was made for me to recuse.
Nelson did not mention that I was the Judge assigned to her divorce case in 1999, a matter that apparently caused her no distress at a time that was 18 years closer to the alleged assault. Yet 18 years later while talking before the cameras about the supposed assault, she seemingly could not contain her emotions. My signature on the order of dismissal in the divorce case was annotated with the letters d and a representing the initials of my court assistant. Curiously, the supported yearbook inscription is also followed by the same initials D, A, but at the time, I was a deputy district attorney, not a district attorney. Those initials as well as the date under the signature block and a printed name of the restaurant are written in a style and consistent with the rest of the yearbook inscription. The seven and Christmas, 1977 are in a notably different script than the sevens in the date 12-22-27.

show#: 89  ***************************************************
 Now, notice, but for DACA, the president was echoing everything he promised you in the campaign. Now, the president also wrote on Twitter earlier today, "The approval process for the biggest tax cut and tax reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast, Congress." And he added, "With Irma and Harvey devastation, tax cuts and tax reform is needed more than ever before. Go, Congress, go."
Now, President Trump is right. The time for tax reform is right now. We did not do this since 1986! And tonight, the president dined with Democratic leaders Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi.
Here's what's happening. Look, the president is reaching across the aisle to try and get things done because, let's face it, Republican leadership in Congress -- they have failed miserably and at every turn.
Now, Republican failure -- they've broken promises. They have now left the president with no other option if he's going to keep his promises to the American people. They have proven themselves to be incompetent, ineffective. And the president -- frankly, I don't blame him -- he's done waiting and he's forging ahead with or without Mitch McConnell. We'll have more on him in just a second.
But first, let's look at some of these statistics on how massive and how burdensome this tax system in this country has now become. Now, according to Republican members on the House Ways and Means Committee, the current federal tax code -- look at this, over 70,000 pages! Who could ever comprehend that?
Now, put that in perspective for you -- back in 1913, when the income tax was introduced, it was only 400 pages long. Now, the Tax Foundation also has an estimate that Americans spent 8.9 billion hours in tax preparation last year! And that translates to over $400 billion in lost productivity.
Now, the president understands this all has to change, because unlike the vast majority of politicians in the swamp and the sewer and the so-called policy wonks in D.C., well, the president -- he's actually run a business. And here's what the president has been calling for. Pay close attention.
He wants bold tax cuts and tax reforms. He wants an emphasis on benefiting the middle class, including middle class tax cuts. He wants seven brackets to go to three brackets to make it easy and simple. He wants that 15 percent corporate tax rate. Why? Because that makes American businesses more competitive on the global stage.
And of course, he's been talking about allowing multi-national corporations -- what? To repatriate trillions of dollars that they have sitting overseas at a low rate. And that way, they can invest in American workers and build factories and manufacturing centers right here in Michigan, in Wisconsin and Ohio and Pennsylvania.
And of course, he's also pushing energy independence. Why? Because there are literally millions of high-paying career jobs available. And the Treasury secretary, Steve Mnuchin -- he's saying the administration wants to make these tax cuts retroactive. Wow! People start spending money.
Texas Senator Ted Cruz -- who will join us in just a minute -- he's also offering up his own tax reform plan. Now, here's the senator explaining today what you, the American people, need and why you need tax reform. Take a look.
Senator Cruz is right. In the Reagan years, Reagan went from 70 to 28 percent top marginal tax rates in this country. OK, how did it result? Government doubled the revenues that they had in eight years, 20 million new jobs were created.
And by the way, Here are the highlights of what Senator Cruz is proposing. This makes perfect sense, and it's simple and it's easy and it's basic and it's fundamental. A low flat tax rate, tax returns that can be filed on a postcard, immediate expensing for businesses, a low corporate tax rate, repatriation, ending the death tax, getting rid of the alternative minimum tax.
Now, President Trump and Senator Cruz's philosophy on tax reform is simple. They want to get the government off your back and let you keep more of your hard-earned money in your wallet, spend it the way you want.
And as we've been seeing, President Trump is working nonstop. He wants to get his major agenda items passed with members of Congress, meeting with them day and night and by taking his message on the road and speaking directly to the American people.
Now it's time for Congress. I cannot believe they have no urgency. Get your job done! And I'm specifically talking about, you, Senator Mitch McConnell and the never-Trumpers out there like, let's see, John McCain, Lindsey Graham, Jeff Flake -- oh, Ben Sasse. We'll add him to the list.
You know what? It's now or never. And by the way, no more excuses as to why you can't keep your promises. Oh, it's so hard! Well, for seven-and- a-half years, you promised to repeal, replace ObamaCare, and you couldn't get it done.
No more blaming the president like Mitch McConnell did last month, and he said the president had excessive expectations, and well, he doesn't understand the parliamentary procedures and the difficulties of legislation because he's never done this before. Take a look.
That's so pathetic! That's the swamp! That's the sewer! And now, according to Roll Call, Senator McConnell is now saying tax reform may have to wait until next year? This is pathetic! It's inexcusable! It's unacceptable! Why did we elect you?
Now, it's time for an ultimatum. Senator McConnell, other Republicans, if you don't get the urgency to work for the American people, if you don't pass tax reform by the end of this year, you need to resign, go home, play golf, and get out of the way and let's get people in those positions that can serve the American people.
I'm tired of the complacency and business as usual. You know what? It's not been working. Congress is now failing the American people -- 50 million Americans in poverty, 50 million on food stamps, 90-plus million out of the labor force, lowest home ownership rate in 51 years. Really?
This is why, Congress, you have an approval rating that hovers around 15 wonderful percent. It's why Mitch McConnell has a dismal 18 percent approval rating in his own home state of Kentucky!
Now, instead of whining and complaining and pointing fingers about why you can't pass legislation, you people in Washington and Congress, time to roll up your sleeves, get in a room -- I'll send you pizza and beer -- and turn off the air conditioner, like our framers and founders, and get to work and don't leave the room until you build consensus to help people.
You know what? It's not like these issues or ideas are new. Just like with ObamaCare. What have you been doing? You've been promising and promising and running and elect us and elect us. The American people -- you've been doing this for years! And you know what? You said you're going to do this. You said you'll cut taxes. You said you'll pass reform. You said you'll repeal and replace. Where is your sense of urgency? Every American I know has a sense of urgency on their job. Where's your accountability?
Now, the president can't do everything on his own. You need to hold up your end of the bargain. You need to accomplish something for once!
Here with reaction, Texas senator Ted Cruz. Senator, are my expectations out of whack?
Listen, I see that your plan and the president's plan are almost identical. I can live with either one and the American people would benefit. You add energy independence to that.
You're right about justices. You build 400 miles -- 300 miles of the wall. You show you're getting that job done. And Republicans can have the best year they ever dreamed of in 2018!
But it's not happening. And I -- do you agree that the Republicans, especially in the Senate, have pushed the president into the arms of the Democrats now, and he's got to look for alternates?
All right...
Senator, here's your plan. Now, it's what I've been saying. It's what the president has been saying. It's simple! Give the middle class a tax cut, corporate tax cuts, repatriation, file on a postcard. I agree with you 100 percent. And you add that to energy jobs and you've got millions of Americans now working. And you got money flowing in to Washington. You guys will have more money than you ever dreamed of. And Newt Gingrich told me he thinks it's about a 50 percent shot we get that done. Those aren't great odds to me.
Senator, you mentioned that you still think the window's open on health care. One of the proposals -- and as a conservative, I always kind of like the idea of sending stuff back to the states...
Lindsey Graham has that proposal. I talked to Dave Brat and I talked to Mark Meadows. They support it, but they said the devil is in the details.
Something that could work, is that maybe the alternate, maybe you get it done by the 30th using reconciliation or considering reconciliation?
Absolutely.
That's why I'll move to Texas.
I'm -- Senator, I want to say one last thing. I don't -- I'm really -- like, I can't tell you the type of feedback I'm getting from my audience in radio and TV. They are livid! They're apoplectic. And I will say this. You -- on health care, you keep saying on the economy, Keep your promises. The Freedom Caucus is working day and night with you and together to keep their promises. If these guys don't wake up, you're the only few people I trust in Washington now. It's really despicable.
That's it.
Why does it have to be so hard?
Senator, I do appreciate you keeping your promises. It means a lot to us. Thank you.
And when we come back, Dr. Sebastian Gorka calling out the D.C. sewer, swamp. He's next.
Later, Hillary Clinton still blaming -- on the blame game book tour! You're going to see Lanny Davis try to defend that and much more straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Former deputy assistant to the president Dr. Sebastian Gorka had an interesting message for D.C. Republicans in a recent LA Times interview. Now, just take a look at the title of the piece. Sebastian Gorka says the GOP did not win last November, Donald Trump did. He joins us now to explain what he meant. He's also the author of "Defeating Jihad."
Dr. Sebastian Gorka, certainly, I would argue the president, and even today, was on message with the promises he made. To me, the Republican Party has no identity right now. They're not fighting for anything that they promised. You agree?
You know, look, let's be honest here. Pelosi and Schumer -- they hate him, too.
And they're political opportunists. And come 2020, there will be nothing he did that they're going to like and they will support the Democrat. Knowing the president as well as I do, I suspect, knowing Donald Trump, that he's basically sending a loud message, Get your act together or I'm going to find another way. I still think there's time and hope, but probably, the time is getting short now.
You're absolutely right. This is the man who closes the deal. And he sent a very clear message. The viewers need to understand -- I saw a lot of stuff on social media that the president has caved and he's giving in to the Democrats. The opposite is true. He will keep to his agenda. That's the message he sent me the day after I left the White House. He said, I'm staying on the agenda, and I'd like you to help me. And I said, I'm going to help you.
He's not going to give up. But if he has to work with somebody else to get things done, he's going to do that, Sean, because he is results-oriented. And he doesn't matter...
You know --
Is this statement true, that Republican inaction and failure and lack of vision and lack of urgency has pushed Donald Trump into the arms of Democrats? Is that a true statement?
Wake up.
Wake up.
Oh, listen, I think his more important issue is serving the American people. He's got to fulfill his promises, whether they do or not. Dr. Gorka, great insight. Always good to see you, my friend. Thanks.
When we come back, Hillary Clinton continues -- we're now up to 42 specific excuses, blaming everyone but herself for her election loss. You don't want to miss this. Lanny Davis, Caley McEneny (ph) will debate and face off. A "Hannity" shoot-out straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So Hillary Clinton continues to blame everyone and anything for her loss in 2016 in the election except, of course, herself. Now, earlier today during an interview with Matt Lauer, Clinton refused to take any responsibility for losing! Watch this.
No, Matt, I didn't do anything! And there's more. So while Hillary Clinton won't take responsibility for her loss, she is more than happy to blame the left-wing destroy Trump establishment media. Watch this.
Talk about denial. Here with reaction, RNC spokesperson Kayleigh McEnany is with us, and former special counsel to President Clinton, probably Hillary's best friend, Lanny Davis.
All right, Lanny, I'm going to go as fast as I can. Sexism, racism misogyny, xenophobia, suburban women, Comey, FBI, Russia, Putin, WikiLeaks, DNC, Obama, Biden, Sanders, Weiner, Electoral College, polling data, cable news, New York Times, fake news bots, Facebook, Twitter, Netflix, TV executives -- I'm keeping going here -- anti-American forces, Democratic documentaries, low-information voters, people wanting change, people that assumed she'd win, of course the Republican Party, contest forums in Macedonia, Infowars, Guccifer, D.C. leaks, Jill Stein, Bannon, voter I.D.'s, Chief Justice Roberts, Kris Kobach, Citizens United, and colluding Trump officials. Why isn't she on the list? And by the way, why isn't Trump on the list, because he beat her soundly?
Just for your entertainment purposes.
All right, Lanny, this is what I love about you. I didn't ask you any of those questions.
I didn't ask you that question in any way, shape, matter, or form.
And the fact that Comey exonerated Clinton before he even did the investigation is pretty amazing.
All right, Kayleigh, maybe you'll answer my question because Lanny has no desire to answer it.
Lanny, I hate to say this, the emails she deleted were under subpoena. That would be obstruction. Mishandling of classified information, that's a felony. Destruction of classified information, top secret special access program information, that also is a felony. Hillary Clinton also has problems, $145 million dollars kicked back to the Foundation, destroying BlackBerries with hammers, BleachBit, acid washing, the emails that she did delete.
Lanny, you can laugh all you want. I would be in jail and Kayleigh would be in jail and you would be bailing us out because I'd make you.
Now you're going to say Comey has exonerated her?
That would be a first. Go ahead.
They're crimes.
Now you're going to rely on Comey to exonerate her.
It's a crime, though. Go ahead.
Thanks for being with us.
When we come back, more controversy brewing over at ESPN. One of their hosts not calling President Trump a white supremacist. Tomi Lahren, Gina Loudon, and Danielle McLaughlin all join us straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Now for months ESPN has faced criticism for mixing liberal politics and sports. And now one of its hosts under fire after she called President Trump a white supremacist.
On September the 11th, SportsCenter anchor Jemele Hill tweeted, quote, "Donald Trump is a white supremacist who has largely surrounded himself with other white supremacists." ESPN did issue a statement reading in part "The comments on Twitter from Jemele Hill regarding the president do not represent the position of ESPN. Now, we have addressed this with Jemele, and she recognizes her actions were inappropriate." No word if she will face any disciplinary action from ESPN.
Earlier today, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders responded. Here's what she said.
Keep in mind only a few months ago Jemele Hill defended a Colin Kaepernick tweet and comparing, quote, "Runaway slave patrols to police officers."
Here now with reaction, Fox News contributor Tomi Lahren, psychology expert Dr. Gina Loudon, and author, attorney, and political liberal analyst Danielle McLaughlin. Here's the most amazing thing, and I can't take it anymore, Danielle. I don't like that conservatives, that the president -- this is a lie. And this is a narrative that happens every two years and every four years. Republicans, conservatives, the president are racists, sexist, misogynistic. You know what, stop lying about who we are because none of us, Tomi, we're not racist, nor is the president, nor the people around him.
And I'm not saying for this woman to be fire. I'm saying that the left does this every single election cycle. And I've never heard you say for them to knock it off.
Tomi, you understand this. Dr. Loudon, you understand this. As conservatives, they say one thing that is viewed over the line, and fire them, boycott them. Tomi?
Dr. Loudon, isn't there something wrong if you're so willing to lie about other people? I'm leaning on your psychology background and your doctorate here.
Dr. Loudon, I think we conservatives are far more tolerant of freedom of speech, expression, and thought. I don't do boycotts and I don't call for firings. Imagine if a conservative had said whatever similar during the Obama years. What would the reaction be?
All right, it's a wonderful life, Dr. Loudon. Tomi, I assume, and I don't know for sure, I know I've been a target of all of this, and fire Hannity and boycott Hannity. And the left isn't really tolerant. I've seen horrible things about you and Dr. Loudon, myself on social media and by these groups that are funded seemingly from Soros type of people.
And, Danielle, last point to you. It hasn't been helping the NFL. Colin Kaepernick and all these players, it seems that a lot of people are reacting. Ratings are down from last year and last year was nodd not a good year for the NFL.
A lot of your fellow liberals are not.
Nobody defends me when I'm being boycotted from the left. Very few, Lanny Davis.
It looks like the conservatives are the ones that are open- minded, the ones that believe in freedom. All right, guys, good to see you all. Thank you for being with us.
When we come back, Daily Caller has a huge, explosive report about Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Shultz's former I.T. aide. They are reporting he tried to hide a secret server. This gets bigger every day. Sara Carter, Gregg Jarrett, they're next.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Luke Rosiak is an investigative reporter with The Daily Caller. There's an explosive report out today about Debbie Wasserman Shultz and her former I.T. staffer. Rosiak reports that, quote, "Exclusive DWS I.T. guy was banned from House after trying to hide the secret server." Luke goes onto explain in the article, quote, "Now indicted former Congressional I.T. aide Imran Awan alleged routed data from numerous House Democrats to a secret server." Fox News has not been able to independently verify this, but if that is true, that is beyond damning.
Here with reaction, Fox News anchor, attorney, Gregg Jarrett, Circa News, Sara Carter. Gregg, if that's true, to me that means one thing, that there's a chance other countries could have been fed this information, that the security concerns we had may be real.
And add to that, Sara Carter, that Imran Awan actually took Debbie Wasserman Shultz's computer, left it in a place with a message for law enforcement, here, it's all here. I've got to believe Debbie Wasserman Shultz, I think that plea deal is coming. She's in trouble.
We're going to stay on this story. Nobody else in the media will dare touch it. I promise you we're ahead of the curve. Thank you both. Sara, Gregg, thanks.
When we come back, our friends, our really good friends, Diamond and Silk, they get the final word tonight. You do not want to miss it. Hillary, I hope you're watching.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Tonight the conservative rock star group Diamond and Silk, they get the final word again. Watch this.
Our friends Diamond and Silk.
That's all the time we have left this evening. We hope you'll set your DVR, never miss an episode of "Hannity." Don't forget, this show is not the establishment media. We are different. We're fair, we're balanced, and we're thankful that you are here every night. And we'll see you back here tomorrow. Thanks for being with us.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 90  ***************************************************
 
show#: 91  ***************************************************
 Laura Ingraham is here tonight with reaction.
And whiny college liberals continue their hissy fit over President-elect Donald Trump. When will this madness end?
Plus, TMZ's Harvey Levin is here to preview his primetime special with the president-elect. All of that, plus Ainsley Earhardt and Larry Elder join us.
"Hannity" starts right here, right now.
Welcome to 'Hannity.' Tonight, President Obama -- he refuses to condemn the ant-democratic alt radical left protests against President-elect Donald Trump. Now, earlier today while in Germany, Obama was given the chance to speak out against all of this out-of-control behavior, and instead, this is what he said.
Well, some are even being violent. Pretty unbelievable. But it does fall in line with everything that President Obama stands for.
Now, I tried to warn the country and everyone back in 2008 that Obama -- well, he was a disciple of the alt radical left. Remember, he embraces the Saul Alinsky 'Rules for Radical' tactics. Remember, he palled around with unrepentant domestic terrorists Bill Ayers, Bernardine Dohrn. He even started his political career in their living room. And they bombed the Pentagon, the Capitol and New York City police headquarters.
President Obama -- remember, he sat in the pews of Reverend Wright for20 years, the church of GD America listening to things like this.
Alt radical left. The president spent 20 years in the church of GD America. Now, since the president refuses to speak out against these anti-democratic agitators, well, let me remind him about what has been going on in the president's hometown of Chicago. A man was severely beaten by an angry mob after a traffic incident because they thought he was a Trump supporter. Look at this, Mr. President.
And Mr. President, did you see this mother in Texas who's under investigation after kicking her 7-year-old son out of the house? Why? Because he voted for Donald Trump in a mock election at school. Take a look.
These are just two of many examples. We've also seen continual protests all across the country that have resulted in the destruction of property, unlawful behavior and arrests.
President Obama, don't you think you should follow in the footsteps of your predecessor? Remember, President George W. Bush? He stayed out of the political arena, and he let you, his successor, do your job. President Bush -- he never responded to President Obama's relentless blaming and name calling. Instead, President Bush -- he actually did take the high road, as you have often taken the low road, like the Democrats claim that you always do. Take a look.
Now, I could sit here all day and try and get you to comment on President Obama, and I'm not going to get anywhere.
Because I've known you -- I know you very well.
Why did you make that decision? Because I'm sure you have a lot to say. You're not -- you're -- we talked politics before we came in. You were very engaged and aware of what's going on.
I know, the hair looks awful. But why do I suspect President Obama will never show the same amount of grace and respect when it comes to Donald Trump and his presidency?
Here's my prediction today and now. President Obama will not be able to contain himself, and he will go after Mr. Trump every single chance he gets once Obama is out of office.
And here's another thing. After Donald Trump's sweeping victory, President Obama -- he's been in complete and utter denial that the election had anything to do with him or his failed policies.
The facts -- they say otherwise. Now, since 2009, under President Obama, well, let's see, Democrats have lost 13 U.S. Senate seats, meaning from blue to red, 64 U.S. House seats blue to red, 13 governorships blue to red, and get this, 33 statehouses. Wow! What a legacy.
Now, our next president, Donald Trump, has been handed a huge mess. This is almost beyond repair, thanks to President Obama. That's why this election was so important. And now Republicans -- they have no excuses why they can't get things done.
President-elect Trump needs to keep in mind that the media -- they're never going to like him, especially after WikiLeaks exposed that the press was openly colluding with the Clinton campaign, like CNBC and MSNBC and CNN and The New York Times and the whole rest of them.
The president-elect also needs to understand the Republican establishment -- they're not going to be his friend, either. He needs to stay focused and remember the promises to you, the American people. You know the promises, repeal and replace Obamacare, identify radical Islam, lower taxes, repatriate corporate profits, build the border wall, appoint originalists to the Supreme Court, fix inner cities, energy independence, drain the swamp, send education back to the states, you know, say radical Islam, vet refugees, all of these important issues, free trade.
He has to remember you, the American people, what I call the forgotten men and women of this country in this election. That list is where Trump needs to keep his focus.
If President Obama -- if he wants to keep calling for protests, then that will be his legacy, one of division, rich versus poor, old versus young, black versus white, always dividing. That's what you get under President Obama. My advice to President-elect Trump, stay focused.
Here with reaction, the editor-in-chief of Lifezette, FOX News contributor, nationally syndicated radio host Laura Ingraham. I talk about the alt radical left. Who are these people, Occupy?
Right, Occupy? They are...
... Moveon.org, Black Lives Matter, "Pigs in a blanket, fry 'em like bacon." "What do we want? Dead cops. When do we want 'em? Now." Weren't they embraced by both Hillary and Obama. Does that make them alt radical left, meaning the president and Hillary?
You watch the media. They're like sharks, and they're now circling! They've been exposed as colluding with the Clinton campaign.
97 percent in the MRC poll said that did not impact their vote, although most people recognize media bias and journalism is dead, as we have discussed a lot.
But they're ready to pounce over Ivanka's bracelet. They're ready to pounce that he went out with his family for a hamburger and didn't notify the press. I think it's only going to get worse.
How will this impact Trump's decision-making for the cabinet and people that he hires because they're going to look for any little thing that maybe somebody said or did in their past?
Let me ask you this...
Yes, go ahead.
Yes.
When you went to Dartmouth, did you have a cry room? Did you have a color and coloring books or play with Play-Doh or get hot cocoa from your professors? Any of that?
You didn't?
... cry room? What is a cry room? What is it?
I haven't -- I don't know what it means to cry. Could you come on national TV, Obama wins in 2008, I fought my heart out to inform the American people he would be horrible. I end up being right. I wish I wasn't. And I came on the air with a dog to comfort me and have somebody, a producer, bring me a hot cocoa...
A coloring book, Play-Doh?
Yes.
Yes, that's true.
... permission to kiss you good night, you say to your date.
That's so romantic. Would you like to come into my cry room and color with me? Great date.
All right. Thanks, Laura. Good to see you.
And coming up -- Senator Jeff Sessions was in Trump Tower today for the transition meetings. The Trump transition team -- they're hard at work to fill these key cabinet and White House roles. We will speak with Herman Cain, Ari Fleischer. They're coming up next.
And later tonight...
Don't care about white feelings. Wow. Left-wing college students are freaking out, lashing out after President-elect Trump's victory. We've got so much tape and so many stories.
All of that, Ainsley Earhardt with the number one book in the country, and Larry Elder and Harvey Levin all coming up straight ahead.
All right, that was Alabama senator Jeff Sessions at Trump Tower earlier today talking about President-elect Donald Trump's involvement in transition meetings. Trump has a lot of important cabinet and White House roles to fill. Today, he tweeted, quote, "My transition team, which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job, will be seeing many great candidates today." South Carolina governor Nikki Haley, Florida governor Rick Scott were also at Trump Tower today.
Joining us now with reaction, Fox News contributor Herman Cain, former White House press secretary Ari Fleischer.
Herman, one of the big surprises -- and Nikki Haley was not a Trump supporter. Mitt Romney reportedly is being considered for secretary of state. Look, I think Mitt Romney would have been a great president, but the way he acted here, no loyalty. He should not be under consideration, in my view. Your thoughts.
Oh, That would be fine. I think that's, you know, water under the bridge, let's start over.
... nice gesture.
Blessed are the peacemakers, Herman. I read it in a book.
All right, let me ask Ari...
Here's my criteria. How much controversy will they cause? The media is ready to pounce, Ari. I think that's one. How loyal are they going to be? Because stuff's going to happen, and he's going to need people who can get through the hard times. That's important to me.
Will they follow Trump's agenda, not their own agenda? You know how selfish they can be. Are they more than qualified for the job? And I think a full vetting like what they did with Mike Pence worked out so well, do with that everybody, especially top positions. Is that a good criteria?
And you did a great job, and I'm sure maybe there were times you had different views than President Bush...
... but you were loyal. You -- you -- loyalty -- how -- can he appoint someone that was so disloyal during the campaign and trust them? I don't think so.
I don't believe it, either.
Yes, you know, as Newt Gingrich told me, Herman, those that know aren't talking. Those that don't know are out there spewing whatever comes into their mind, which, by the way, that's what our media does now.
But that media is -- you know, they're pouncing on him for going to dinner with his own family and not fully reporting on the fact that he's going to get a hamburger next door. That became a big controversy for the media.
Well said. All right, thank you both.
And coming up next on this busy news night tonight right here on "Hannity"...
Crying? Panic attacks? Liberals on college campuses -- they're absolutely losing it, and so are the faculty, over President-elect Donald Trump's victory. Wait'll you see this tape. That's coming up next.
Also, Ainsley Earhardt, Larry Elder -- they'll weigh in on more of the mainstream media's bias all against the Trump family. And TMZ's Harvey Levin -- he'll join us to talk about an incredible Donald Trump special he's hosting right here on this hour tomorrow night. It's a really good show. You don't want to miss it.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So President-elect Donald Trump won the election fair and square, but some liberals enrolled in colleges all across the country -- they're not taking it so well.
Now, in order to help these fragile souls cope with the thought of a Trump presidency, some school administrators -- they are reportedly offering great services for these kids, including, let's see, disaster counseling, therapy dogs, faculty-sanctioned cry-ins where the faculty passes out hot cocoa to the pool little students. One university even was handing out coloring books and Play-Doh so they can play with it!
Now, despite their best effort to coddle these students -- well, many still participated in the mass walkouts and protests in order to voice their concern.
Now, Campusreform.org recently attended one such protests -- this was at Towson University -- and spoke with some of the poor pampered little children. Take a look.
Don't care about white feelings right now. How nice.
Joining us with reaction, FOX News contributors Lisa Boothe, as well as the author of "A Time for a Turning Point" founder and executor -- executive director of Turning Point USA Charlie Kirk is with us.
All right, Charlie, let's start with you. Maybe if they got somebody in their family that was sick and dying, their dog die, you got a diagnosis of cancer, your father, God forbid, has a heart attack. Maybe those are reasons to cry. Crying, Play-Doh, coloring books...
... hot cocoa, therapy dogs, aroma therapy...
I don't know what else to do with this.
What is a crying room in college where a professor gives you hot cocoa?
Help me!
You know...
You know, if there's any Americans -- I keep saying this election was about the forgotten man, and I swore I wasn't going to do this because I did it for over a year on purpose. I gave out the numbers of Americans out of the labor force, 95 million Americans, nearly 50 million on food stamps, 50 million Americans in poverty, 13 million more Americans on food stamps than when Obama first became president, eight million more in poverty.
Those people to me, you know, the day in, day out grind of not having hope and opportunity or a job or the ability to put a roof over their head and food in their refrigerator -- you know what? I could see them crying. I would understand. That's the forgotten men and women!
That's the real suffering...
Any adult that plays with Play-Doh...
... and colors in coloring books short of doing it with a child in your life.
They need therapy, all right! They don't need college, they need the therapy!
Maybe they can go to the cry room.
I have some advice as I have been saying. Grow up. Grow up. Get a life. Take your hot cocoa and your coloring books and your Play Dough and grow up. I can't even believe this is happening, by the way, at Ivy League universities.
Here's my prediction. The left is going to go insane in the next four years, and it's going to be chronicled right here, and I, in all honesty will enjoy every minute of it.
It's going to be a total crackup. And by the way, the world will end up getting better without them. Even with them crying, we'll do better. Anyway, thanks, guys.
The mainstream media, they continue to go after the president-elect and his family. Wait until you see this double standard.
Also, we'll check in with Ainsley Earhardt. She has the number one book in the country tonight. And Larry Elder to weigh in.
And later tonight.
A clip from a special hosted by my friend TMZ's Harvey Levin is going to air here tomorrow night in this time slot -- I have a day off -- right here on the Fox News Channel. Harvey will join us later with a preview and much more straight ahead.
Welcome back to HANNITY. So this week the alt-radical left mainstream media that continued to ferociously attack president-elect Donald Trump and his family, watch these insane examples.
Now, several so-called news outlets are running articles saying Melania Trump, she changed her story on her college education. Why does this matter? Here with reaction, Salem nationally syndicated radio host Larry Elder, the author of the number one book in the entire country, Amazon's bestselling children's book "Take Heart my Child, A Mother's Dream," "Fox & Friends" cohost Ainsley Earhardt.
Buy the way, it looked nice.
I know. She's smart.
And then she had to put out a statement, Larry, that said -- I feel sorry for her. It's ridiculous, because that's standard operating procedure. She goes out, picture is taken, they show the jewelry. She wears her own line. So what? It's crazy.
This is going to be a rollercoaster. The media is sitting in wait, especially as it relates to those people who get big appointments by Donald Trump. I think the funniest and saddest and most pathetic thing, though, Ainsley, is these poor college students that are having cry-ins and cry rooms and aromatherapy and pet therapy and Play Dough sessions and coloring book session and their professors are making them hot cocoa because they can't cope with the reality that their candidate lost.
I'd rather go to the keg party and a football game.
Who plays with play dough? Coloring books?
People that would by your book. By the way, how happy are you, it's the number one book in the country.
Three and done. Never again. I'm never --
And by the way, Larry, when is the last time you've played with play dough? When's the last time you hit a coloring book?
Do you drink hot cocoa anymore? I think I prefer an Irish coffee.
What is a cry room? What is a crying room?
No, I don't.
OK, aromatherapy.
We don't even take care of vets that watched their friends’ legs blown off or die.
All right, Ainsley, you've been on our show 10 years. It's your one-year anniversary on "Fox & Friends." Congratulations.
Good luck with the book number one in the country. We're really proud of you. Good job.
And up next tonight right here on HANNITY.
All right, tomorrow night, you do not want to miss this, a primetime special about president-elect Donald Trump. It's hosted by my friend TMZ's Harvey Levin. It's going to air right here tomorrow night on the FOX News Channel. Harvey Levin will join us next. He's have a preview. That's straight ahead.
All right. That was a preview of a new special. It's called "OBJECTified: Donald Trump." It's hosted by TMZ's Harvey Levin. It takes viewers inside the Manhattan residence of president-elect Donald Trump, gives you a look at some of his most important possessions. The show is going to air right here on the Fox News Channel -- I have the night off tomorrow -- 10:00 p.m. tomorrow night. Joining us now is TMZ founder, a good friend, by the way, Harvey Levin. How are you?
Just take it over. I'm under contract. I'm not worried.
I'm a fan of your show.
I grew up watching "Candid Camera." This is "Candid Camera" on steroids and growth hormone to the next, next, next. It's that good.
But you know what's funny. I watched that show, but I watched this show you did with Trump. And as I was watching it, the whole time I kept thinking why didn't Trump show some of the side of him that he showed you before we went to the ballot box? This was very intimate.
That was -- by the way, that is a great moment. I don't want to give it away. And you also have, for example, details of a letter to Trump from Nixon. You asked him about his wife, Melania, and I thought it was a very honest answer there. He even wanted to be a filmmaker. There are some real interesting moments. I learned a lot about that I never knew.
What is good about it, and I am not sucking up to you, because I learned so much to this. It is so refreshing is that you weren't gotcha. You were asking real questions in an intimate environment. He brought you in his inner sanctum in a way. And it ended up giving us a side of Trump that I don't think most Americans know. How much to it change your view of him?
Yes, me, too.
Listen, it's really well done. Congratulations. It's going to air here tomorrow night in the slot at 10:00 p.m. You don't want to miss it. By the way, do they pay you for TMZ? Do you get paid to have fun? Do you make money on that?
I'm supposed to feel bad you have more fun on TV than anyone else?
My heart is bleeding for Harvey. All right, the special is great, tomorrow night, 10:00 eastern. Thanks for being with us. Congratulations.
I'm going to. I need one. When we come back, we need your help. Our "Question of the Day" straight ahead.
Welcome back to HANNITY. Time for you "Question of the Day." So don't you think the liberal, colluding, mainstream, leftwing, alt-left media, don't you think they're treating president-elect Trump and his family a little bit unfairly? Oh, my gosh, he didn't tell us and he went to get a cheese burger. Oh, Ivanka is wearing her own jewelry line. Oh, my gosh, this is a catastrophe. This is an outrage. No, it's not. This is a media that can't accept the fact that people don't trust them anymore, and nor should they.
Just to go Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter and let us know what you think.
Don't forget, Harvey Levin, a great interview tomorrow in this time slot with Donald Trump. You don't want to miss it. Great show. I'll see you back here Monday. Thanksgiving week, we have a lot to be thankful for this year.
Content and Programming Copyright 2016 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 92  ***************************************************
 All right. So, tonight, the Trump administration draws a line in the sand when it comes to liberal states aiding and abetting criminal illegal immigrants that pose a significant threat to you, the American people.
The Attorney General Jeff Sessions, he used a news conference today to officially announce that the Trump administration is suing California over their sanctuary state policies that shield these illegal immigrants that commit crimes, Sessions did not hold back. Let's take a look.
President Trump, Jeff Sessions, and the federal government, they are simply standing up for the rule of law. The radical left, they are putting criminal illegal immigrants before the safety of American citizens.
All the Trump administration wants to do is enforce federal immigration laws that are already on the books. It's really that simple. We either in this country, we have law and order or we have chaos.
Let's say you don't like the laws. Then change them. Elect people that will change them. But if you break the laws on the books, you should suffer the consequences.
California's officials, well, they don't have to help, they just need to stop interfering. In the case of this Oakland mayor aiding and abetting criminal illegal immigrants, well, we'll have more on that disgraceful story and potential crimes of the mayor in just a second.
But what's disturbing about all of this is that officials in California, they are now risking your lives because they think protecting criminal illegal immigrants is good politics. They are literally willing to endanger Americans by harboring people that have no reason to be in this country because they think it will win them a couple of extra votes.
We have liberal politicians like California Governor Jerry Brown. They don't want to debate the issues, they know the facts, and the truth, and the rule of law are not on their side. And that's why instead of addressing why his state is shielding criminal illegal immigrants, well, Governor Brown instead, he attacks Fox News. He accuses the federal government of going to war. Really, Jerry? Watch this.
OK. It's not right, but we did invite Governor Brown to come on the show tonight, but shockingly, well, he said no.
Governor Brown has no facts to back up this argument, so it's no surprise that he's too gutless to come on the program.
Liberals in California, they need to answer one simple fundamental question. How does America benefit from criminal illegal immigrants staying in the country? If you don't see this as a danger that is posed to every American -- well, I don't know how I can convince you. What is the upside? What is the reward? Why are you willing to risk and imperil other people's lives? These are criminal aliens. We're not talking about DACA here.
People like the mayor of Oakland, Libby Schaaf, they sure seem to think so, and that's why the mayor was tipping off criminal illegal immigrants about the ICE raid late last month. And guess what happened. As a result, all the acting head of ICE's at about 800 criminal illegal immigrants were able to avoid arrest.
Is that what Americans really want elected officials to do, to protect illegal immigrants that are criminals?
The Attorney General Jeff Sessions blasted the Oakland mayor earlier today. Let's take a look.
What this mayor is doing is disgraceful but despite the mayor's actions, ICE still was able to detain criminal illegal immigrants. Look at the stats about the Oakland area raid. In spite of the warnings, 232 people arrested for violating federal immigration laws.
Of the 232 arrested, 180 were either convicted criminals, had been issued the final order of removal and didn't leave, or had been previously deported and then returned again to the U.S. illegally because we have open borders. 115 of the 232 had prior felony convictions for sex abuse, weapons charges, and assaults.
Those are the types of people that this Oakland mayor is protecting?
Of course, Libby Schaaf is defiant, defending her lawless behavior. But the Department of Justice is now looking into a possible obstruction of justice charge against her for what she did.
Keep in mind, if California lawmakers, if they want to continue to obstruct federal immigration officials from actually doing their job, then President Trump should follow through on his threat to pull ICE agents from California. You may remember this.
All right. When it comes to criminal illegal immigrants, the media, the left, liberals, they refuse to look at facts and because of this, they are complicit in the harm that these people in the future will cost to American citizens.
Unlike the left and most members of the media, well, we've actually been down to the border, over a dozen times. We have watched firsthand what is going on down there. I've been on horseback, all-terrain vehicles, helicopters, votes, I've seen drug warehouses, tunnels, I've seen it all.
When President Trump says we need a wall, he's right. And I don't mind a wall with a door either. In 2014, I sat in on border briefing with then-Texas Governor Rick Perry. Listen closely, 642,000 criminal offenses committed by illegal immigrants in the state of Texas alone and only a seven-year period -- a serious problem. Watch.
Six hundred and forty-two thousand crimes since --
In Texas alone?
642,000 crimes created and impacting the citizens of Texas and a seven-year period.
Then there's all the statistics of the liberal mainstream media always conveniently ignore, truth doesn't seem to matter to them. According to the Migration Policy Institute, about 822,000 of the 11 million illegal immigrants in America are convicted criminals, 820,000. The U.S. Sentencing Commission has found that illegal immigrants account for 13 percent of all non-immigration-related federal sentences for the fiscal year 2016.
This, despite the fact that these illegal immigrants, they only make up 3.5 percent of the population, 3.5, 13 percent, and this is important. That number is only dealing with federal sentences. Much higher if you factor in convictions by state and local governments.
According to the latest report from the Government Accountability Office, get this, an estimated 55,000 criminal illegal aliens were in federal prison in the year 2010. In fiscal year 2017, ICE deported over 226,000 illegal immigrants. And also in 2017, over 127,000 of those deported were previously convicted of a crime.
And in 2010, the DOJ found that 57 percent of immigration offenders charged in U.S. district court had prior felony convictions. The facts on illegal immigrants are irrefutable, and that's why the left and the media never talk about them. You've never seen this before, I'm guessing.
This is about protecting you, the American people. It's that simple.
All right. We'll have more on this in a minute.
Also breaking tonight, we have more evidence, more proof that the FBI lied to the FISA court judge in the original application and three subsequent renewal applications to get a warrant to spy on a member of the Trump campaign. Remember, in an election year.
And according to a 'New Yorker' report, former British spy Christopher Steele, who put together this dossier filled with Russian lies and propaganda, he knew -- he knew he was being paid by Hillary Clinton, he knew he was being paid by the DNC just months after he was hired by Fusion GPS.
This is significant because according to Congressman Adam Schiff's memo, which references the FISA application for the warrant, the FBI told the FISA judge that Steele was never told about the political motivations behind his work. Also remember, Steele hates Donald Trump also.
So, the FBI again flat-out lied and what we can only assume here is that it was an effort to make Steele more credible as they were omitting evidence to a FISA judge.
The FBI, Fusion GPS, remember, they never bothered to verify, corroborate the fake news dossier which is mandated in FISA law. And by the way, it's part of the FBI's own protocols.
And also, the FISA application was denied the first time but then Steele and the dossier was brought in to put the request over the top. Or to quote a former deputy director of the FBI Andrew McCabe, remember, he testified, without the dossier, they would never have even been a FISA warrant application. That's how important that dossier was to getting the approval of the FISA court.
This scandal is by far the most massive abuse of federal government power in the history of the country. And that is why a second special counsel needs to be appointed like yesterday and the month before to investigate what is severe FISA abuses.
All right. Also finally tonight, new details about how the FBI missed a critical warning sign from the deranged Stoneman Douglas High School shooter, Nikolas Cruz. Congressional committee chairmen Trey Gowdy, Bob Goodlatte, they issued a press release on key findings from an FBI briefing on the Parkland shooting. It's previously been reported that in January of this year, a friend of the Cruz family called the FBI tip line to report Cruz's disturbing behavior. Well, tonight, we have no information about how that FBI agent will answer the call, handled it, and according to Gowdy and Goodlatte's press release, after that call warning about Cruz, the person who took the call spoke to a supervisor about what was said. Their conversation was never documented.
And at that time, the FBI was able to connect Cruz to a different September call, to the FBI tip line. And that's where Cruz made a threatening YouTube comment about wanting to be a professional school shooter.
Despite that information, the FBI never proceeded ahead with an investigation. The FBI never told local authorities. They never told the field offices about this. And as we've been saying, this entire tragedy, all of it, could have been prevented, but they are of course was a series of gigantic bureaucratic failures.
Instead of trying to fix the system, correct those mistakes, we should secure the schools like we secured those Hollywood actors and actresses that were on the red carpet on Sunday, well, the left, the media predictably, they continue to blame guns all in an attempt to limit your constitutional right to keep and to bear arms.
All right. Joining us now with more reaction, we have the host of "Michelle Malkin Investigates", Michelle Malkin, former deputy assistant to the president, FOX News national security strategist, Dr. Sebastian Gorka.
You know, we talked a lot over the years, Michelle, and you wrote a book about this, about illegal immigration in this country. And you look at all of those numbers and statistics, the one that stands out the most to me is 3.5 percent of the population, estimate, 13.5 percent of crimes, that's federal, not state and local.
What part of this is California, the governor, at the Oakland mayor not getting?
Yes.
Well, this is important.
And, Dr. Gorka, we're not talking about DACA, which, by the way, President Trump was willing to make a deal on DACA, for the wall, chain migration, and the visa lottery. We're not talking about any of that. We are talking about criminal illegal immigrants, those that not only broke our laws coming into the country illegally, but then committed other crimes.
Now, if you aid and abet in a system and getting away from authorities, the question is simple. Are you then responsible for whatever other crimes they commit in the future?
All right. Let me ask -- well, it's got to apply to them. And it supersedes what they are doing in the state.
Here's my exit question for both of you. Should the Department of Justice follow through and arrest the mayor of Oakland? Because I assume that in the minds of the left, that will turn her into a martyr.
I wish these guys would go to the drug warehouses that I've been to. I wish they were out with me. I was there were gang members were arrested.
That same exit question, Michelle Malkin.
Should those that aid and abet be arrested?
All right. Thank you both, Michelle Malkin, Dr. Gorka.
When we come back, a 'Hannity' shootout. I go one-on-one with Jorge Ramos on our top story of the day. That's next.
All right. That was more of the Attorney General Jeff Sessions speaking today in California about our nation's immigration policy.
Joining us now, the author of "Stranger: The Challenge of a Latino Immigrant in the Trump Era," Univision anchor Jorge Ramos.
Jorge, welcome back. Good to see you, sir.
All right. Let's just for a second put aside DACA. Let's put aside chain migration, let's put aside the visa lottery. I want to talk specifically about criminal aliens in the United States -- those that came here illegally, those that committed crimes, those that are immigration officers, ICE and others, are trying to deport.
Do you support that?
Jorge, these are talking points.
I went down to the border. I'll give you facts, because I was on horseback, all-terrain vehicle. I was in helicopters. I was in boats, and I sat through a security briefing in Texas with Rick Perry, 642,000 crimes committed by illegal immigrants against Texans alone.
Here's my questions: putting all those issues aside, those that commit crimes in America, including some violent crimes, even murder, those criminal aliens, do you support having them removed from this country?
Did I do that? Did I do that?
Let me give you one statistic. Illegal aliens accounted for 13 percent of all non-immigration related federal sentences in 2016. Now, that is a significantly higher percentage than the 3.5 percent estimated population.
Wait a minute -- you just got done saying all immigrants don't commit crimes. I will agree with you. But that is a much higher percentage than the rest of the population and of illegal immigrants in the country.
I'm not talking about the economic problems.
But you know something, Jorge? You never went -- are you saying that the people that I sat with, those were security people, law enforcement, border agents, I sat in a meeting and I put it up on the screen.
Six hundred and forty-two thousand crimes since --
In Texas alone?
Are you literally saying to me that they are lying? Because they're not. And the problem is --
You sound like you don't care about the Americans that are victims of crime that -- by people that don't respect our law.
Six hundred and forty-two thousand in perspective. Give me the perspective.
Why are you putting words in my mouth? Why would you do that?
Then why --
I would argue, I don't concede your point, but you're wrong on another point. You're right, the vast majority and having been to the border 13 times, everywhere from the Rio Grande to San Diego and having been in the drug warehouses, I would argue, yes, they want to leave the property that many of them face in Mexico and have more opportunity in America. I'm saying do it legally.
But there are six -- you're not answering my question -- 642,000 crimes committed against Texans alone in a seven-year period. That's not your family, Jorge. Where is your sympathy for those victims of crime and why shouldn't we take those that are committing crimes and get rid of them tomorrow?
Coming illegally, you're criminal. You broke the law.
That's not factually accurate.
Address Kate Steinle's family, because there are a lot of families that have sadly been victimized by those people here illegally that commit more crimes. What do you say to her family?
Nobody's saying that.
I'm not inferring. No. I speak very directly. I am saying to the mayor of Oakland.
I am saying to the mayor of Oakland, stop aiding and abetting criminals that committed more crimes and those that are here illegally who committed crimes on top of that and I think you should want that mayor to do the same. Stop.
I am saying we have federal law that ought to be obeyed, absolutely.
You don't believe in a rule of law then.
President Trump supported DACA. President Trump that you don't like supported DACA.
He was the one willing to make law. Let me ask a question. When you go down with me into a town hall in Texas and will invite the 642,000 families of those that would like to come that were victims of crime and listen to their stories? Will you come?
No.
I got to roll.
When we come back, disgrace FBI Director James Comey getting ready for his big audition to be an MSNBC contributor. A mini monologue you do not want to miss. That is next.
All right so James Comey is preparing for yet another moment in the spotlight. Just as we predicted, to be the disgraced former FBI Director just weeks away from a big media blitz, of course promoting himself for this brand-new tell-all book, you might remember this.
Comey will get a multimillion dollar book deal, a movie, a miniseries, primetime special. Diane Sawyer or maybe even George Stephanopoulos why not go totally in for the Clintons. He wants to be the book that Rachel Meadow, Steve Colbert, Bill Murry, the biggest Trump haters in the country.
I was more right than I knew. The man who put the fix in, raid the Clinton investigation, got fired from the FBI and lead to potentially classified information in order to trigger a special counsel investigation there. He is now getting ready for the biggest audition of his life and that of course, he will become the next darling of the mainstream media. We'll discuss this and more into night's mini monologue.
It's the moment we all knew would happen. James Comey has finished writing his book and is now ready to cash in on his anti-Trump and for me. Naturally his first stop on his upcoming mainstream media world tour will include a morning interview with former Clinton hack turned ABC's so called journalist George Stephanopoulos. Of course he is the Clinton's BFF and another with professional late-night Trump hater Stephen Colbert. Let's just say the mainstream media can barely contain their excitement. Watch this.
Given that (inaudible) glee over an upcoming interview. Can you really expect Stephanopoulos, Steve Colbert and others to ask the tough, important questions that you of the American people deserve answers to? For example, is Colbert-Stephanopoulos are they going to ask Comey why he never investigated Hillary Clinton's lies? The exoneration before investigation? Will the so-called journalists over at ABC ask Comey how a seasoned independent FBI Director was actually bullied into calling the Clinton criminal investigation a matter, during the 2016 election? Is Colbert going to press Comey on why he look the other way when Bill Clinton, Loretta Lynch really held that secret meeting on the tarmac days before the FBI decided not to recommend charges against Hillary Clinton? Is Comey going to be force to discuss why a draft statement that he was writing, months before interviewing Hillary Clinton, exonerating her on charges in the email investigation, why was it written so many months in advance before the interview? Is Comey going to explain the lies, the outright lies? The outright omissions to a FISA court? He told President Trump about his verified salacious dossier, but months earlier, he allowed the unverified salacious dossier to be presented to the FISA court? Why would Comey withhold the fact that Clinton paid for the dirty dossier? Will the mainstream media actually address Comey's potentially unlawful leaking of classified information after he was fired? I doubt those important issues will be pressed or even seriously addressed. Instead, I think Comey, he just might find that the career he is always been dreaming of in front of a camera with of course some of his anti-Trump friends, he wants to get hired to bash Trump every single day like the rest of media. With that said, James Comey, do you want to have a sit-down interview? Do you want to come and discuss your book? Do you want to discuss the questions that need to be answered that millions of Americans want to hear answers to? Come on the program. I'm offering you the full hour. I'll offer you three hours unprecedented on my radio show. You just have to be willing to address every issue. Here's reaction, Fox News legal analyst at Gregg Jarrett and former congressman and Fox News contributor Jason Chaffetz. There's so many issues here. Gregg if I can start with, he is the guy that put the fix in, we now know. This is not in dispute it anymore. He was exonerating before investigating. He told Trump in January 2017 said it was an unverified and salacious dossier, but he allowed the same dossier to be used as the bulk of information for the FISA warrant against Carter Page in the Trump campaign. Is he in legal jeopardy?
The FISA law, correct former congressman Jason Chaffetz, doesn't the FISA law require that the FBI verified, corroborate -- don't their own protocols call for that before they go before a FISA Judge?
All right. If your James Comey's lawyer, Gregg Jarrett you have to be a great lawyer. You do more research than anybody I know. You're writing a book on this case, you are up to your eyeballs in this every day. If you are James Comey's lawyer and he is writing this book, how closely are you going through this and is there a great risk in these interviews for him that he is not thinking about right now as he dreams of fame and fortune and the position on MSNBC conspiracy theory TV?
Why would a good lawyer allow this?
There is one thing I've noticed congressman is that I've watched his twitter occasionally, he is so arrogant. He thinks he is so holier- than-thou and he rigged an investigation, you allowed people to lie to a FISA Judge. He never told the judges that it was Hillary Clinton bought and paid for it, he told Trump one thing three months after he used it to get the FISA warrant. I'm not a lawyer, but I would say he is in serious jeopardy and I don't care what Stephanopoulos or Colbert ask him.
He lied?
Unbelievable. All right guys great analysis, appreciate it. All right when we come back, some prominent Democrats are receiving calls to resign, because they have ties to the racist radical anti-Semite crazy Louis Farrakhan. That is next.
All right. A follow up tonight on an explosive Daily Caller for at least seven house Democrats including liberals like Maxine Waters, Keith Ellison in fact have direct ties to their racist anti-Semitic character that is known as Louis Farrakhan. This has caught the attention of the Republican Jewish coalition who are now calling these lawmakers to resign and no wonder why. Watch this.
Of course, we have this picture and this of course Louis Farrakhan and Barack Obama that was hidden from view from his entire presidency and leading up to the election in 2008. Here's the reaction. Salem radio national syndicated talk show Larry Elder, civil rights attorney and Daryl Parks. Daryl, you won't dispute that Louis Farrakhan isn't anti-Semite, are you?
Really? Keep going, because you just keep digging.
Is here racist or anti-Semite? That is the question. The answer is yes and we can play hours of tape.
Racist? Anti-Semitic?
Why would a guy like Daryl Parks defend him?
You are supporting a hateful, anti-Semitic racist like Farrakhan. Larry?
Last word Daryl. We are almost out of time.
All right. Unbelievable. Daryl, I don't know what to say. When we come back, a video that has been seen by over 14 million people. That is next.
All right. Amid calls from Democrats for more gun control, a Republican member of the Virginia House of Delegates, Nick Freitas is his name, is pushing back in a major way. Listen to part of the speech he gave on the house floor there. It's been seen by over 14 million people on Facebook. That is our video of the day.
Powerful. Time for the Hannity hotline.
I just never know what to expect ever. If you want to call me? Good, bad, ugly, it doesn't matter. 8772258587, before we go tonight, my faith-based film that I produce let there be light is now available on DVD, it is at Wal-Mart, Amazon.com, hannity.com. All right we are always fair and balance let not.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 93  ***************************************************
 Watch what Democratic Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi -- oh, doesn't she have security? What she had to say about bump stocks. Now, the attachment that Stephen Paddock did used to make a semiautomatic rifle move at a faster pace. Fire more like an automatic weapon. Watch what she says.
Nancy Pelosi, she's not even trying to hide the left's true intentions. They want to ban all guns. Democrats, the media, which is so corrupt and abusively so and ideological, what they conveniently not telling you, it was the Obama administration that originally approved the sale of those bump stocks back in 2010. If Democrats, you're serious about looking into bump stocks? Okay, let's do it.
The NRA, they came out today and so those products should be subject to regulation. Let's have the debate. Let's come up with common sense solutions but don't take away the rights of law abiding citizens. And what the left should not be doing is using a tragedy while people are still in the hospital and parents, I was there today. They are waiting and hoping and praying that their children will recover from the injuries.
The left has their rigid radical anti-gun agenda. And they are wanting to disarm millions of law-abiding American citizens and that would prevent them from being able to protect themselves, their children, their wives, their families.
Here with reaction now, National Rifle Association executive Vice President and CEO Wayne LaPierre. Wayne, it's good to see you again sir, how are you?
Wayne, in a lot of ways, people like Brett Stevens and Michael Moore, Nancy Pelosi, they are just revealing what their true intentions have always been. And that is they really don't want the average citizen -- they don't believe in the constitution. They don't believe in the right of law-abiding citizens to keep and bear arms. And I just pointed out the great hypocrisy -- most of these people, they have security guards. They have their fortresses at their house. They have people at the self- congratulatory event like Oscars and Emmys. The average Americans has one -- usually they have themselves to rely on. Great hypocrisy or no?
You know, Wayne, when you crunch the numbers and you look at Chicago and the homicide rate which we've talked an awful. We've even actually one night scrolled the names of all the people. Nobody was paying attention. This is Obama's, you know, adopted hometown. You know, it's like one Vegas massacre a month. Thirty nine hundred people killed in Chicago while Obama's president, 18,000 shootings in just the last six years of his presidency. Where were these liberal voices then? I did not hear word out of them?
Wayne, the NRA gets a bad rap and I am a proud member. But it's just the fact. How many people a year do you teach gun security and safety too? How many people a year have protected the lives of loved ones because they had the ability to defend themselves with a weapon?
And I urged people, if they want to learn safety and security of firearms, the NRA does help a lot of people. Wayne, thank you for being with us. We appreciate it.
When we come back on this busy breaking news night, Newt Gingrich will join us. Also we had the honor earlier today, we went to the University Medical Center of Southern Nevada. We met one of the shooting survivors, Thomas Gunderson. You saw the video of him meeting the President yesterday. It went viral after Thomas got out of his bed despite being shot in the leg, to meet and honor the President. He says, there was no way he would have laid down when the President came to shake his hand.
Also, we had a chance to interview the doctors that saved hundreds of lives, heroes you want to meet. Tonight on HANNITY from Vegas.
All right. That was House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi earlier today hinting that she hopes a Congressional ban on the bump stock attachment would be just part of a further gun control larger legislation.
Before we get to former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich, we had a friend stopped by. Hi, what is your name? Reagan? And how old are you?
You're two. And what's your friend's name?
What's his name?
Georgie. All right. Can you give me five? Ow! Again. Ow! And your dad made this, he is crushing the mainstream media, that is New York Times. Oh my!
Well, thank you all. Darling, very nice to meet you. You are so pretty and nice. Can you shake my hand? Do you want to give me five again? Ow! Okay. Thank you.
All right. Here with reaction. A little unusual introduction is the author of the best-selling book 'Understanding Trump.' He also has a new class teaching online and a former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich. It's on my website Hannity.com. I know that's not the usual introduction, Mr. Speaker. But I could not exist.
As you've been watching this, I want to get your take on everything. Your take on the politicizing of it. Your take on those that literally have no respect for our constitution nor any understanding for what real Americans live under. The threat that they have. Home invasions, crime, murder, rape that goes on in this country at times.
Well, Mr. Speaker, we know the answer because we know what Rudy Giuliani did in New York. And he brought the murder rate down from about 2,500 to less than 500 a year through targeted tough policing. Targeted, meaning the areas that needed more policing.
You know, when 3,900 people die in the course of Obama's presidency and he mentions that three or four times at most, I'm thinking there's something radically wrong. Or 18,000 shootings in just the last six years of his presidency, why the silence there? We ran the names of the victims on this show. We scrolled them. It went on for the whole show.
You know, Mr. Speaker, I've had a chance to spend some time today at the hospital and later on, we actually interview doctors. They set up like a military triage. And they saved hundreds of lives on this night. And it was all hands on deck. And let them explain it for them. There is this young man. Thomas Gunderson is his name. And I met him and I met his parents and he is the young man that stood for the President even though he had been shot and the like.
And I was thinking about comments that you would made about the NFL and taking in me. And the people that fought, bled, and died fighting under our flag. And I was thinking, you know, this young man could really teach a lot of people a lesson here. And you've got to wonder if maybe now we will remember what police do for us. We remember it on 9/11, and these policemen been going to this 32nd floor and facing an automatic weapon. And this young man will stand for his president, for his country and his flag. Do you think the NFL learns from this?
You know, I want to go back to a minute to what's going on here. It seems almost impossible in this day and age of social media, this enigma, this man is like a ghost. We can't find out anything about him. And it just makes me wonder, does your gut tell you -- my gut tells me there is something much, much deeper going on here, that we haven't even begun to touch the surface on. Your thoughts.
Welcome back to 'Hannity.' reporting from Las Vegas tonight. Yesterday President Trump and the First Lady Melania Trump flew to Las Vegas and met with the victims of this massacre. One of the survivors that they spoke to was Thomas Gunderson. He was shot in the leg on Sunday night but despite his injury, Thomas made sure he got out of bed to greet the president. He explained us on Facebook. He said I will never lie down when the president of this great country comes to shake my hand. There may be plenty of issues in this country, but I will always respect my country, my president, my flag. Shot in the leg or not, I will stand to show my president the respect he deserves. Earlier today, we did in fact have the honor to go to University Medical Center in Nevada. We spoke with Thomas Gunderson. Watch this.
Thomas.
How are you?
I know I'm not the president.
Can you believe -- the president comes here yesterday. I am very, very sorry. How are you feeling?
Was at the President or the first lady that got you to walk?
It's a little bit hard when you were shot in the leg.
That went viral and I agree with you. 100 percent. You were out having fun, I love country music too. We were at the concert. You remember what happened.
Where was the view in relation to the stage?
You saw it?
Yeah, the way it set up.
What is that feeling?
Talk about meeting the President.
But you did lift your foot for Melania Trump.
I'm getting this taped. You got competition.
I can tell you the whole country is praying for you and all these other families. There are some families that lost their loved ones. This is a severe injury.
You know it is like life changing for you?
This is a moment where you will never be the same.
You know it's really good for America. I want to say this to you, when you hear somebody say I got my friends to safety, let me help other people. That shows how great we are. This country is great and people like you make it great because he put other people out of yourself.
About an hour before Jason got on stage -- Big and Rich, everybody had their cell phone out for God bless America. I will show you the video if you haven't seen it. Everyone's together. And then you've got a big political fight in the country. Does that bother you when you see that?
I get about 60 percent negative.
Meeting people like you, it inspires me and reminds me of some of the military guys. I'm sure in the days that you're going to be laid up here a little bit, you obviously are getting back on your feet. If not, we will call the first lady and say Melania, can you help?
They give us the freedom to go to these concerts.
Thomas is an incredible young man. When we come back, his parents, the worst thing that can happen, the call you get. When we were at the University Medical Center of southern Nevada, we spoke to the hospitals CEO. Two of the trauma doctors that saved hundreds of lives that day. Also tonight, we are ongoing -- a candlelight vigil underway for Las Vegas metropolitan police officer that was killed during Sunday's massacre. Take a look.
Welcome back to 'Hannity.' reporting from Las Vegas tonight. Earlier today while at the University Medical Center of southern Nevada, I spoke to Thomas Gunderson's parents. This is your worst nightmare, that call. Gary and Dottie. Take a look.
The worst nightmare of a parent.
You get the call.
You knew he was there?
That was the last time you are letting him go to Vegas, right?
That is your worst story.
What was it meet like to meet the President and the first lady?
You've known him for a couple of minutes.
A cook? All he eats is Wendy's, pizza, and Kentucky fried chicken. I know because I've been on the road with him.
When your son took the step yesterday, what are you thinking?
I know it's the worst moment. Then you got to see the strength and character of the young man that you raised. You should be so proud.
Welcome back to 'Hannity' reporting tonight from Las Vegas. Earlier today, while we were in the University Medical Center of southern Nevada. We spoke with the hospital's CEO and two of the heroes, the trauma doctors that saved so many lives. Take a look.
All right. You are the CEO of the hospital.
The only level one trauma center in the entire state?
Hi, doctor.
Very nice to meet you. We met in the hall. First thing you said, you got to lose weight, 'Hannity.'
We watch as a nation -- we are in all of what you all were able to do to help save all these lives. From your perspective, you actually planned for this numerous times a year.
You never think it's going to happen.
An amazing story of saving lives. Dr. where were you at the time?
Here?
We were talking in the hall, doctor. You compared it to a combat zone.
Colonel or doctor?
All hands on deck. Being the level one trauma center, you get the most difficult cases. The people that were more severely injured were all brought here.
I just want to go through who is here. Who needs immediate care? Maybe we can get them stable and that we will get back to you? You really prioritize very quickly.
I thought at some point, I'm sure you are on adrenaline. All your training kicks in. And you get home, does it hit you what you just went through?
From my perspective, I've now been in the hospital and talking to a lot of people and parents and your patients. You are also appreciative - they are also appreciative of you and everyone in this hospital for what you've done for them. No doubt you've saved a lot of lives that night. I speak for a lot of people in this audience. Thank you for the great work you did in saving this lives.
Amazing people. We are out of time. Full complete investigation tomorrow night, I promise. Stay tune, Brian Kilmeade is next. We will see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 94  ***************************************************
 I'll be the first to say this is not a perfect bill by any means, but we learned a lot about Republicans in this process. About 100 in the House, seven in the Senate, they clearly had no intention of ever really repealing and replacing ObamaCare.
Now the question is, can we begin the process of making health care better for you, the American people, or in the end, this is what it's going to come down. You keep ObamaCare, skyrocketing premiums and deductibles, and of course, lack of health care options. All around the country, it is crushing average Americans every day.
So here are the big things that Cassidy and Graham and what it does: it does replace ObamaCare subsidies with block grants to states, and then states will have the flexibility to choose how best to spend that money instead of adhering to big government mandates. I've always believed in block grants.
The massive, budget-busting Medicaid expansion -- that'll be scaled back. Insurers, they will be able to offer -- finally, it's illegal now -- catastrophic plans that people can actually afford. Obama care? It prevents consumers from even having that option. Health savings accounts? That will be expanded, as well as cooperatives.
Now, Republicans, they need to get moving. They need to start keeping their promises. We on this program will continue to hold them accountable until it gets done and ultimately done right.
Also tonight, well, Hillary Clinton, she is refusing to go away, the twice failed former presidential candidate now attacking President Trump -- what I thought was one of his best speeches at the United Nations -- including taking issue with his term "Rocket Man," the nickname for Kim Jong Un. Watch this.
North Korea is not our friend. Now, here's the problem. The left-wing media in this country -- you know what? They're losing it over President Trump and his speech, just like Hillary. And we'll give you the history lesson in a second. Watch this.
Here's what's nuts. They're more angry at Donald Trump than they are at the guy that's firing missiles over Japan on a regular basis, that has nuclear capability that he may marry to ICBM capability and threaten the whole world? This is -- we'll have more on the insane liberal media with Joe Concha and Leslie Marshall in just a minute.
But first, I want to get back to Hillary, give this a little history lesson, going after President Trump. Hillary has no business criticizing anybody on foreign policy. You want to know why we're in the situation? Because her and her husband -- they set the stage for this dangerous situation, for the entire world with Pyongyang, because Hillary also had a direct hand and she brokered this idiotic nuclear deal with Iran. Now, we all remember what a disaster the whole Russia reset thing was.
And since Clinton, liberals, the mainstream destroy Trump media seem to have forgotten, here's the Hannity history lesson. Let's flash back to 1994. That's the year Bill Clinton -- he thought it was a great idea to trust a dictator. In that particular case, North Korean leader Kim Jong Il, who is Kim Jong Un's father. Now, Clinton tried to bribe Pyongyang, North Korea, into freezing and stopping their nuclear program. And he gave them $4 billion of your money and energy aid. And Clinton was so proud of the deal that he cut, he went on TV and -- "this is a good deal for the American people." Look where we are now, Mr. Clinton. Take a look.
Yes, a lot of good that worked out.
Now, it's so easy to figure out what happened next because appeasement, capitulation, of (ph) dictators, despots -- it never works. And Kim Jong Il -- he quickly broke his word, and by the end of the '90s, North Korea began testing missiles. Then in 2006, they conducted their first nuclear test, and then once Obama got into office, North Korea's aggression increased dramatically, all while Obama was literally gutting America's strategic defense capabilities.
Then, of course, we got Iran. And Hillary Clinton leading the way early on, negotiating this disastrous nuclear deal of error (ph). She paved the way for Obama to give the radical mullahs in Iran over $100 billion, planeloads of cash and other currencies. And as terrible as that agreement is, well, you know what? That may soon be coming to an end. Listen to what the president said earlier today finally. Watch.
Now, this comes after President Trump ripped the deal during his speech yesterday to the U.N. General Assembly, calling it an embarrassment for America. Liberals -- they're freaking out that the president dared to say what he said.
But let's remind the left what they are defending. The Iran nuclear deal -- that deal gave Iran up to $100-plus billion in immediate sanctions relief. The deal does not prohibit the development of ballistic missiles. Tehran can partner with Russia on defensive missile systems, and Iran can buy anti-aircraft missiles.
And after eight years in conventional weapons, after five years, and the radical mullahs -- well, guess what? They didn't have to destroy any nuclear-related facilities. Zero. Now, they, of course, can also deny access to certain nuclear sites, and Iran on the other sites, they have at least 24 days' notice of an inspection! And they can pick the nuclear inspectors. And they're still allowed to spin their centrifuges. By the way, those restrictions expire after 10 years to 15 years, so they're still getting nuclear weapons.
See a pattern here? Bill Clinton, North Korea, Hillary Clinton, Iran? This is dangerous for the entire world, and they're upset about "Rocket Man"?
Here with reaction, the host of "Michelle Malkin investigates," Michelle Malkin. How are you?
I'm happy the president drew a line in the sand and also put the world on notice that he's not going to hold the world hostage, fire missiles over our allies, threaten Guam and threaten South Korea without major repercussions in this case. To me, that's strength. To the left, that's weakness.
Yes. That to me says it all. I mean, if he marries -- and this is the same thing with Iran. Where we are with North Korea today, we will be with Iran in probably a few short years. And that is this. If you take radicalism, radical mullahs in Iran or you take this lunatic rocket man in North Korea, you marry him to weapons of mass destruction and they can reach the continental United States. And we depleted our strategic defense during the Obama years. We don't have a lot of good options here.
Now, Newt Gingrich was talking about kinetic answers last night. He could wipe out all their power. It would be the equivalent, I assume, of an electromagnetic pulse in the United States, very damning (ph), not an option we would want to use, but the other option is taking out their nuclear sites and nuclear fallout and whatever he may do while we're doing that to South Korea or Japan or Guam. Not good options.
One last thing. I saw your tweet. We've been friends for so many years. I'm frustrated with the Republicans because there's 100 in the House. There's the seven people that voted for full repeal in 2015, against it in 2017. So our options are limited by people that never had any intention of keeping their word.
We're friends. You have had to deal with serious health issues with your daughter. And you tweeted out about Jimmy Kimmel -- and I don't like to get involved in kids. I'm not saying this is perfect, but for the Americans that only have one choice in all those counties in America, for the Americans that have seen $8,000 increases in premiums, when the president does his -- his administration -- administrative actions and governors -- I think you get twice the bang for the buck than anything from the federal government. It's not quite federalism, but it's certainly better than "Obama care."
It's not the best option, but I want to see the -- I am not endorsing it until I read it. But it's certainly a start to let states handle it. What do you think, as somebody that has had to deal with the health care system on such a deep and profound level?
The president's going to make...
... a big announcement on this next week, according to my sources.
Administratively, he's going to make it easier for co-ops -- my buddy, Josh Umber (ph), Atlas M.D. in Wichita who I've been interviewing for years. And it opens up the possibility of health savings accounts, two ideas we believe in and the Republicans should have been pushing.
Wow.
Listen, you have a sick child and you lose your health care three times. That is -- that is unforgivable. And that's for everybody. But there are good options. I've been interviewing these people with great ideas for years. And we'll talk more about it in the days and weeks to come.
Michelle, all the best to you and your family. Thank you.
When we come back, mainstream media -- they're losing it, absolutely losing it over rocket man. We'll play that next straight ahead.
President Trump at the U.N. yesterday with some very tough words for North Korea and its dictator, Kim Jong-un.
As we showed you in our opening monologue tonight, well, it didn't take long for the establishment destroy Trump media to just freak out and lose it over the president's speech, many bashing the president for being too tough on the guy that's firing rockets over Japan. In other words, rocket man.
Anyway, should we be surprised? Here with reaction, Fox News contributor Leslie Marshall, from The Hill, Joe Concha. You know what, Leslie? I'd like to see the same anger over the Iranian deal and the same anger over the rockets fired over Japan as they show with the president saying that he will defend liberty and freedom and our allies and the people of the United States over this madman. Where's the outrage over the things that really matter on your side? Because it never ends. If Trump gave $5 million to every American, it still would anger people on your side.
The same U.N. that's anti-Semitic, Leslie?
The same U.N. that's anti-American, Leslie?
You put faith in them? They're incompetent. They're inept. They've impotent. They've been their whole time.
That pays the bill, yes.
You've got it ass-backwards! You've got it backwards!
Joe Concha?
Yes.
I love guests that come with their own props. Go ahead.
Yes.
They've been working on this speech for...
The president's been working on the speech for a month. He saw the speech.
So they lie. And basically, you're saying just like with the whole issue of when Trump tweeted out March 4th and said, Oh, it looks like we're being spied on or whatever the term was or eavesdropped on...
... everyone said -- they called him a liar. Well, it was happening, Joe. And Sara Carter, John Solomon, Mark Levin, myself and a few others were right.
You mean they do all that on purpose?
All right, let me go to Leslie. Leslie, let me you ask a question. Do you think when Bill Clinton bribed North Korea that it worked or the Iranian deal bribery is going to work? Do you really believe that capitulation and appeasement works? Please tell me you're not that foolish. Please.
OK, we all agree on China but...
Stop avoiding my question.
... bribery of Bill Clinton work? Is the bribery of the Iranian mullahs going to work? Do you believe that nonsense?
For a million dollars!
You won't answer. She won't answer.
Did bribery work? It didn't work and it's not going to work in Iran! Am I right or wrong?
OK, that was for Joe...
Last word, Joe.
You're living in a fantasy world.
I remember.
We've had 11 months of lying and tick tock, tick tock. It's all going to be exposed. And we'll be on the forefront of it. All right, Leslie, if I ever want a dictator to -- you know, to be nice, I'll give him money and I'll say, Please be nice, and we'll see if that works.
Coming up -- Gregg Jarrett and Sara Carter.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Reports former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort was wiretapped by the federal government before and after the election, it has shocked many in the mainstream media, but not veteran journalist Sharyl Attkisson who is out with the new op-ed titled "It looks like Obama did spy on Trump just as he apparently did to me." Attkisson accuses the Obama administration of potentially, follow the word, weaponizing intelligence for years.
Meanwhile, Fox News is reporting a shocking new revelation. The deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein has been interviewed by Robert Mueller's team. Wait a minute. He's the one that appointed Mueller. Conflict of interest?
Here with reaction, Fox News anchor, attorney Gregg Jarrett, from CircaNews.com, Sara Carter. All right, wow. So Comey, Mueller's best friend, purposely leaked to get the special counsel, ends up being his best friend. Rod Rosenstein because Sessions -- I don't know why he recused himself -- recuses himself. And then we have Rosenstein being interviewed by Mueller. OK, tell me what's wrong legally with this.
I didn't meant to -- whatever.
It certainly seems that way, Sara. And they've been at this forever. But we don't have an investigation into Hillary, although the fix was in with Comey, to bring him back into it. Comey should be under greater investigation. Then we have all the other issues they haven't been investigated, the surveillance, unmasking, leaking of intelligence. In this case Trump was right on March 4th and you were right on March 8th right on the show saying a FISA warrant was issued.
I might have made a call or two. I might be in there.
Hi, guys. Good to talk to you all. It's not funny, though.
They are supposed to be.
Minimization is supposed to occur.
A political opposition.
A political opponent using the weaponry that is all so powerful to keep Americans safe. We have no Fourth Amendment protections if that -- and it appears it happened. And we haven't even mentioned Samantha Power and unmasking and Susan Rice and Ben Rhodes. Let me get Gregg to weigh in on this.
Americans should be off-limits.
Unreasonable search and seizure.
Thank you both.
When we come back, members of a youth football team took a knee during they national anthem. Judge Jeanine has a lot to say about this. She'll be debating Dennis Kucinich next straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So over the weekend, members of a youth football team from outside of St. Louis, they took a knee during the national anthem in protest. Now, I want to make something very clear. I'm not attacking kids. They were like eight or nine years old. They are innocent in all of this. But I do have questions for their coaches, the parents. Have you told these children what makes America great? Or do talk about what makes America a horrible place? Do you talk about all the men and women that sacrifice blood, sweat, tears, and death and sacrifice for their freedoms? And why are they doing this?
Joining us now with reaction, former Congressman, Fox News contributor Dennis Kucinich, and the host of the hit show, number one on weekends, "Justice with Judge Jeanine Pirro." Dennis, is America fundamentally a good and great country? Fundamentally, is it a good and great country?
No issues with what it's free speech or not free speech. That's not what I'm asking. Is America been a country, and the wisdom of our framers and founders, they put in place a system where we correct wrongs, correct injustices, make a more perfect union -- is that fair?
I know you do.
These kids look pretty young to me. I don't know their exact age, but they look young enough for me that I don't think they are fully versed in America's good and bad, but I'd say mostly good.
This was my thought, Dennis. I just sat there watching the video, watch the video, I saw it on "Fox & Friends" this morning, and I was thinking to myself, do the kids know how many other Americans fought, bled, died, sacrificed for, your right, their constitutional right to take that knee. I kind of suspect if I asked them, a lot of them wouldn't know.
And then it goes to me, it goes to that coach and it goes to the parents. And fundamentally, are they serving these kids well by not explaining the full context and texture of the country before they act in a way that I would argue they probably didn't know completely what they were doing?
Do you agree with me they probably don't know?
All right, thank you both for being with us. Passionate debate.
When we come back, by the way, quick programming note, Justice Judge Jeanine, you never want to miss it, Saturday night, 9:00 p.m.
Coming up next, part two of my exclusive interview with the Egyptian president el-Sisi next.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So earlier this week I sat down with the Egyptian president. And during our exclusive interview I asked president el-Sisi what he thought of President Trump and more. Watch this.
There are very distinct differences in the views and ideologies of say, President Obama and President Trump. You were pretty impressed with President Trump. What are the differences from your perspective?
But there was a difference inasmuch as President Obama supporting the Muslim Brotherhood, supported Mohamed Morsi. Donald Trump does not. He has a very different worldview. Have you noticed the distinct difference in change in how the United States is now approaching you under the new president?
You said about Donald Trump, his unique personality and capable of the impossible. I understand your position on a two-state solution. Could there be another Camp David Accord? Maybe include Jordan, maybe including other Arab states with Israel to sit? And doesn't any concession by Israel -- don't you need a precondition of their recognition of their right to exist? Wouldn't you need secured borders, securable borders for Israel? Would you recognize their right to both?
When we come back, an important reminder as "Hannity" continues.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Unfortunately that's all the time we have left. Remember, this show will always be fair and balanced, and starting Monday we move back to our old time slot, 9:00 p.m. eastern. We hope you'll spread the word. That's happening next Monday, September the 25th. We are not the establishment mainstream media. We will never be the establishment mainstream media.
Thank you for your support, thanks being with us. We will see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 95  ***************************************************
 All right, Ed Henry, thank you tonight.
Joining us now from the Pentagon with more on this growing threat is -- Lucas Tomlinson is with us. Lucas, what's the latest there?
All right, thanks, Lucas. Fire and fury.
Now, President Trump is facing an increasingly dangerous and very difficult situation with North Korea. And the reason why? It goes back decades to the Clinton administration. Now, this is something the destroy Trump media will never tell you. And unfortunately, tonight, I can say with full confidence, sadly, there's no good option. That's tonight's chilling "Opening Monologue."
So tonight, one of them my biggest fears has now come true. North Korea has reportedly developed a nuclear warhead that is capable of reaching the continental United States. Now, this threat will now become a defining issue for the Trump administration. But it's so very important -- we've got to learn and understand how it is we got here. If we don't learn from the lessons of history, we are doomed to repeat them.
Let's go back to 1994, the Clinton administration. They struck a deal with Kim Jong Un's father, Kim Jong Il, where according to The New York Times, the U.S. agreed to give North Korea over $4 billion in energy aid over the course of a decade in exchange, supposedly, for North Korea freezing and eventually ending their nuclear weapons program.
Now, as part of the agreement, North Korea would allow inspectors into its nuclear sites, but -- and this is very important -- would also be allowed to keep their nuclear fuel rods, which can be used to make weapons for an unspecified number of years.
Now, of course, Bill Clinton put all those fears aside, praised this agreement, and you might remember when he went out there and he said this is good for the American people. Watch this.
Ah, good deal -- freeze, dismantle? Of course, Bill Clinton was naive. He turned out to be completely wrong. Why? Because in 1998, North Korea -- they test-fired a long-range missile. By 2006, North Korea conducted their first nuclear test. And then under the Obama administration, the North Korean threat increased rapidly and literally have turned this into a crisis point that President Trump now has to deal with.
And in the case of the Obama administration, remember they drastically cut our strategic defense capabilities -- not a smart thing. Basically, the Clinton administration, the Obama administration -- they ignored the problem. They kicked the can down the road.
And if the deal Clinton cut with North Korea -- if all of that sounds so familiar, well, it is because it's so similar to that deal that President Obama struck with the radical mullahs in Iran. President Obama gave that rogue regime in Tehran $150 billion and loads of cash -- remember the plane loads of cash and other currencies? Remember the mullahs in Iran? They said that in exchange for that money, they promised not to build nuclear weapons? And Tehran agreed to let inspectors into their nuclear facilities after 25 days, but Iran was still allowed and is still allowed to spin their centrifuges and conduct missile tests.
Now, given tonight, what we're seeing in North Korea, it is so simple and easy to see where this Iranian deal is headed.
Now, what you have to understand tonight is this: Evil in our time must be recognized for what it is. You cannot appease, you cannot capitulate to evil radicals and rogue dictatorships. They don't care about honoring agreements because breaking promises, taking money is just par for the course when dealing with these kinds of regimes. Bill Clinton, Barack Obama -- well, they should have learned from Neville Chamberlain's policy of appeasement towards Adolf Hitler that set the stage for World War II that led to the death of millions and millions of people. So much for peace in our time.
Years ago, I wrote book. It's called "Deliver us From Evil." In this book, after a lot of research, I talked about how Stalinism, the former Soviet Union, fascism, Nazism, imperial Japan, the killing fields Cambodia, even 9/11/ 2001 resulted in the deaths of between that period over 100 million human souls. And in spite of all of that, there is a mindset today that says, "Oh, evil can't happen in our time."
Well, I hate to be the bearer of bad news. Yes, it can! And it might very soon. And thanks to the naiveté of Bill Clinton, Barack Obama, who were following in the footsteps of Chamberlain, well, President Trump today has to confront a threat, and there are likely no good solutions, no good outcome here. The United States Security Council (sic) on Saturday, they did vote unanimously to sanction North Korea. By the way, China, Russia jumped on board. It's a good step.
But we're dealing with an unpredictable madman. His name is Kim Jong Un. And he wants and has nuclear weapons. He doesn't seem to understand, doesn't seem to even care about the idea of mutually assured destruction, like the former Soviet Union did.
And here's what we know. North Korea reportedly -- well, they're now working to get the ability to put a nuclear warhead on missiles capable of hitting the United States. The means cities like Boston in Massachusetts, New York City. Millions of people could die. And Kim Jong Un is also reportedly testing out launching missiles from submarines.
So here's what all of this means. The president tonight now faces a clear and present danger, not only for the United States but now the entire world. Best case scenario? OK, let's say we form a coalition. We launch a massive military operation, take out North Korea's nuclear sites. Here's the problem with that. Well, that would likely obliterate North Korea and lead to fall-out like we've never seen before.
And let's say we're not successful or not as fast as we want to act and let's say Kim Jong Un is able to respond, retaliate. Then South Korea, Japan, maybe even China could see human tragedy at a level that no one could ever have imagined.
So let me be clear. While I'm mad that, you know, literally stupid decisions in the past were made when it comes to trusting dictators, rogue regimes, the world needs to take a stand tonight. We must confront this evil in our time before it's too late.
Joining us now, author of The New York Times best-seller "Understanding Trump" -- he's a former Speaker of the House, FOX News contributor Newt Gingrich.
We've been friends for many, many years, and one of the things I love about you and the times we spend together on air and off air is that you are the great historian. And I know your father served in -- in war. My father served in World War II.
And I want to ask you, is there anything I'm saying here that is wrong? Is this -- is there evil? Is there a chance all these people can die? Do we have any good options? Because I don't see them.
No, it's an important answer.
When we get back, I want to talk about the president's comments, fire, fury and power. And then Dianne Feinstein going right back to appeasement.
More with Newt Gingrich, also Ambassador John Bolton here with reaction on this busy, scary breaking news night straight ahead.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
All right, that was the U.N. ambassador, Nikki Haley, earlier today on "Fox & Friends" talking about the new North Korean sanctions. And by the way, china and Russia joined in with the United States.
We continue with former Speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich, author of the best-seller "Understanding Trump."
Mr. Speaker, I just tried to lay out a history. There's always been this naive belief about peace in our time. And Neville Chamberlain is the classic example that everybody uses. And then we look at, for example, what Bill Clinton did with the North Koreans that allowed them to get to where we are today. We saw Barack Obama I believe naively handing over billions and billions of dollars. And I believe he naively think that they're going to abide by the agreement.
My question is, when the president says fire, fury, and power, and Dianne Feinstein calls him bombastic and further isolate North Korea, and then she suggests bilateral talks with Kim Jong-un, I'm just thinking, You don't get it. You don't understand. This is not -- you can't negotiate with crazy people like this.
I love what you're saying, especially about the missile technology to take out -- and we do have some great antiballistic missile technology available to us. But when you talk about what -- the lasers that you're discussing and 40 opportunities to take him out -- I've always said that I thought President Reagan's greatest legacy, you know, through the prism of history will be his vision about strategic defense, and he was mocked greatly for it.
Let's say, like in World War II, we have a coalition. The former Soviet Union was our enemy. We aligned against Nazi Germany. My question is, even if we have a world alliance that included China, Israel, Russia, Western Europe, the United States, and we even combined military forces to take their sites, aren't we -- isn't this answer is the obliteration of North Korea and the risk that he launches weapons before he's obliterated?
You do...
You run the risk of blowing their weapons up.
Right. Mr. Speaker...
OK. Mr. Speaker, always love your knowledge of history on this important news night. Thanks for being with us. Appreciate it.
Here now with more reaction, former U.S. ambassador to the U.N. -- John Bolton is with us. Ambassador, I know you've warned about this over the years. I've warned about it over the years. And here we are. Your thoughts about what our options are.
Or bribe them. We've tried to bribe them.
Do you agree with former speaker of the House Gingrich that -- I agree with him. We need to look at this as a clear and present danger to the country and the world and expedite the technology and placement of the weaponry that could take this out with redundancy, that gives us 40 or more chances to take something out, if, God forbid, it's ever launched.
Yes. All right, Ambassador. Chilling times. Thank you for being with us. We'll continue to monitor all that is happening, these escalating tensions tonight with North Korea.
Also, Jay Sekulow, Gregg Jarrett here with new details about the Clinton- Lynch tarmac meeting as we continue straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." We're going to have more on the escalating situation out of North Korea. Ollie North in just a few minutes. But first, this is another developing story we are following tonight, damning new discovery by the American Center for Law and Justice. They say new emails now prove that the Obama White House was involved in the Clinton-Lynch meeting spin.
And that's not all. Earlier today President Trump took the press to task tweeting, quote "Emails show that the Amazon "Washington Post" and the failing "New York Times" were reluctant to cover the Clinton-Lynch secret plane meeting."
Joining is now with reaction, chief counsel for the American Center for Law and Justice and President Trump's attorney Jay Sekulow as well as Fox News anchor and attorney Gregg Jarrett. I'm going to ask you, Jay, about North Korea in a second. Really quickly, that to me is -- really? Now we have the DOJ and FBI talking points, now we got the Obama administration involved? That sounds like obstruction to me.
Because of Jay's position, I feel more comfortable asking you, Gregg Jarrett -- putting on your legal hat, your commentator hat, DOJ, FBI, White House, and Feinstein, what does that sound like? And talking points when the story is breaking, wow.
Unbelievable.
Guys, we will have you back tomorrow to talk more about this. Thank you both. That is huge news. It's everything we've been talking about with this audience about things that really need to be investigated. And grand jury is impaneled and people put under oath, and if we believe in equal justice under the law, we will get there. Thank you Gregg and thank you, Jay Sekulow.
When we come back, more on tonight's scary breaking news about North Korea. How should the U.S. respond? Colonel North, next.
Fire, power, fury the likes of which the world has never seen before. The president earlier today delivering a very stern warning to the rogue regime in North Korea. Here now with reaction, the host of "War Stories," Lieutenant Colonel Oliver North. Colonel, this is one of those nights, honestly, where I don't see a lot of good solutions here. And going back over the years and the many segments we've done together, I wish I could say to everybody that I was so wrong. This was a good deal like President Clinton said. But we can't say that, can we?
How many can die, colonel, in a worst-case scenario? And do you see any of these options particularly good?
All right, colonel, I wish we had better news for people tonight. I wish people did not underestimate evil as I said in my opening monologue. All right, sir, safe home, appreciate it.
And coming up tonight, Sheriff David Clarke and Lieutenant Colonel Michael Waltz here to discuss this serious threat of North Korea, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." The world on edge tonight after reports that the rogue regime in Pyongyang has missile ready nuclear weapons, scary times. Here with reaction, Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke, former Green Beret commander and Fox News contributor Lieutenant Colonel Michael Waltz. Lieutenant colonel, your thoughts on how does America deal with what is an existential threat now to the safety and security of not only the U.S. but those around the world tonight?
Further isolating.
Sheriff Clarke, it's funny, you and I have had personal discussions about evil in our time. You've seen a lot of evil in your work. This is evil on a grand scale. You see that appeasement has got us to this point. What is your advice for the president today?
There is a great risk there, lieutenant colonel, and that is obviously he could launch before our missiles get there. Even if we create a great coalition as I was asking the former speaker, to me you are talking about a need to almost incinerate North Korea to get the job done.
It's a bigger geopolitical threat to them, Sheriff.
Guys, thank you very much. Not a lot of good options.
When we come back, we will close out "Hannity," an important "Question of the Day."
Welcome back to "Hannity." Time for our "Question of the Day" as we are running out of time. How do you think the U.S. should respond to North Korea's aggression? Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
Unfortunately, that's all the time we have left this evening. We will keep on the story of North Korea. Bad options here. We will always be fair and balanced. Thank you for your support. Thank you for being with us. We will see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 96  ***************************************************
 All right, this is very, very important. Let's break down what Evelyn Farkas is actually saying here. And while I'm doing this, by the way, I want you to remember very crucial words, four words: surveillance, unmasking, intelligence leaking. Now, first, pay close attention. She's admitting here surveillance of Trump and his associates and transition team took place! Listen to this.
All right, now, what is the information she's actually talking about? Now, obviously, Farkas is referring to surveilled information on the Trump transition team. Listen next as she admits that there was unmasking, in other words, revealing the identities of those Trump team members.
Pretty blockbuster. Third, she admits that intelligence leaking was taking place! By the way, that could very well be a felony.
All right, let's go backwards. Surveillance, unmasking, intelligence leaking all acknowledged in that tape by Evelyn Farkas. Now, for days, we have been asking on this program, who knew what, when and where? So did Obama officials commit a crime here? And how did Evelyn Farkas, a former relatively low-ranking Obama administration official, how did she know about all this surveillance?
Now, that brings us to another big story tonight. For weeks, right here on this program, Sara Carter, John Solomon from Circa News, they have been doing excellent reporting on the surveillance story. Now, they uncovered the existence of an FBI investigation into a server that was being utilized by Trump Tower. By the way, that's where the campaign was. They also discovered a FISA warrant that allowed federal officials to capture Trump team communications. Now, prior to the president taking office, all this occurred.
Now they have another bombshell report and it shows high-ranking officials with direct access to President Obama may have had access to unmasked federal surveillance of the Trump transition and their team members, and may have briefed President Obama himself about the information they were collecting on then President-elect Trump.
Now, my predictions is that as each day goes by, more and more information will be becoming available. And soon, we're going to have the answer to these very important questions.
Joining us now with their explosive report, from Circa News, Sara Carter, John Solomon. Thank you, John, especially, for making a rare appearance. Sara's been doing all the heavy lifting on the show.
This is very important. Now, how is it that Evelyn Farkas, Sara, who left the administration, is talking specifically about surveillance? It seems like she's admitting the surveillance that you've been reporting on and John's been reporting on that took place of Trump transition team members. She's admitting that they unmasked them because they're Trump transition team members. And it seems she's talking about, Well, we got to get it to our friends that (INAUDIBLE) politicizing intelligence, and B, talking about leaking intelligence. What are your thoughts?
All right, but let me -- let me go back...
Because I think this is important. John, I'll throw this to you because Evelyn also served as an adviser to Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential campaign, according to one report was up for a position if she had won. So she's out in 2015. We're talking about 2016 here. How would somebody that was once a rather low-level official -- no offense to her, she's serving her country. How would she have known that there was surveillance of Trump and the transition team? If you break down -- if they found out how we knew what we knew about the Trump staff dealing with the Russians -- wow! How would she possibly know that outside of government now?
Whoa! John...
You just said they could have been...
... surveilling in 2015?
Let me go through quick bullet point list and ask if you both agree. Do you both agree she's admitting surveillance at least of the Trump transition team and the president-elect took place? She seems to confirm that. Do you both agree with that?
If they found...
If they found out how we knew what we knew, that would compromise sources and methods.
That's surveillance...
OK, but...
And it's also...
OK, so -- it seems to acknowledge surveillance took place. Had to. How else would she know this information? Some sort of surveillance -- that's the only way that they'd get that.
All right, she's also revealing when she talks about, if they found out how we knew, what we knew about the Trump staff dealing with the Russians, doesn't that mean some unmasking took place of some kind? Sara?
She's saying the Trump staff, what we knew about the Trump staff.
How would they possibly know...
Is this possible -- now, we all can go back to Watergate. And by the way, number one, it proves Trump was right. There was surveillance. We now have confirmed through you guys, James Rosen here at FOX News, and I think this also backs this up. Trump was surveilled. He was right in his tweet that he sent out that day.
If we go back to Watergate and we look at Watergate, wasn't that about a break-in, about a political opponent? Didn't that become a big scandal and a president resigned?
My question to both of you, do you think, based on where this story is now, this has the potential of being even bigger? If we're talking about surveillance, unmasking, leaking intelligence, even bigger than Watergate? Is that a possibility where this ends up? Sara.
That's illegal if you don't have a warrant for President Trump, even if it was picked up incidentally. John, how big does this story potentially get?
Well, wait a minute.
Don't you think a crime committed with releasing the intelligence information on General Flynn? Isn't that a felony?
I got to...
We got to take a break. We'll have more with Sara and John on this blockbuster breaking story, new information we have tonight. We'll also get legal reaction from Jay Sekulow and Tom Fitton.
And also, again today we asked CBS to release the full 45 to 50-minute interview I had with Ted Koppel. They said to The New York Times they will not release it. We're going to get reaction from Joe Concha, Matt Schlapp. All of that, and Herman Cain is here with us tonight.
And welcome back to "Hannity." And we are covering two big developing stories, each surrounding the potential surveillance of the president-elect Donald Trump and his team by Obama administration officials. We continue with Circa News's Sara Carter and John Solomon.
All right, so your piece today -- let's -- let's start at the beginning. As his presidency drew to a close, Barack Obama's to aides routinely reviewed intelligence reports gleaned from the National Security Agency's incidental intercepts of Americans abroad, taking advantage of the rules that their boss relaxed starting in 2011 to help government better fight terrorism, espionage, et cetera.
Were they using -- under the guise, Sara of -- of protecting the country and legitimate surveillance of America's enemies, friends, foes -- were they using that as a ruse to tap into Donald Trump's transition team in Trump Tower, do you think? Is that a possibility?
John, your reaction.
You know, based on, though, your big report -- this is a big blockbuster story. I mean, you're saying that Obama loosened the rules. Now, this is before he modified executive order 12333.
Five years before. So he was lessening the rules. And then I've got to ask this question again. I mean, here you have this Evelyn Farkas going back -- when you tie that into your story that they're loosening these rules, how does somebody who's working for Hillary, who left the Obama administration, possibly know about surveillance or potential surveillance at Trump Tower and the need to get this information to her friends on the Hill because it might disappear once Donald Trump becomes president?
She was officially out of the administration. She was gone. She was working for Hillary.
Last question. Do you think the mainstream media will end up with egg on its face? Here we have Clapper, we have Admiral Rogers, we have Comey all saying did not impact the election. There's been no evidence of any collusion with the Trump campaign. You guys have reported on that. The media has been going eight months without any evidence about Russia.
Do you think this blows up in the media's face? Real quick, Sara and then John.
Yes.
John?
All right, thank you both. Great work, as always. We'll have you back. We're going to will continue on this story.
And when we come back, we're going to get reaction to Sara and John's reporting from Jay Sekulow, Tom Fitton. We'll look into all the legal issues that may be involved as it relates to surveillance, unmasking and intelligence leaks.
And we'll keep asking, by the way, CBS News and Ted Koppel and "Sunday Morning" to release my interview that we had, the 50-plus minutes. Why won't they release it? We'll get reaction from Joe Concha, Matt Schlapp. Also, Herman Cain is here to weigh in on the Rockville rape case, and we're going to show you statistics about crimes that nobody else in the media will tell you, straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So as we told you in the last two segments, according to Sara Carter and John Solomon's reporting, Susan Rice, John Brennan and Loretta Lynch were cleared to, quote, "request and consume unmasked intelligence reports." So will the mainstream media cover that bombshell?
Here with reaction, from Judicial Watch, Tom Fitton, and from the American Center for Law and Justice, Jay Sekulow.
Jay...
... all right, break this down legally from us from the issue of surveillance...
... unmasking, leaking intelligence. Based on -- she's not even in the administration anymore.
She was actually former assistant defense secretary.
By the way, it was -- she was -- it was more than that. According to one report, she was an adviser to Hillary Clinton at the time.
Do you think this woman, based on what she said on that show is in legal jeopardy or...
Immediately.
Yes.
When she talks about, you know, getting this information to colleagues on the Hill, is she talking about leaking?
Right.
How can she not know what she was saying?
Tom...
What's your take, Tom, legally?
Let's go back to legal. Again, surveillance -- there is a legitimate surveillance, but you're not supposed to unmask American names picked up.
But she admits here --
If they found out how we knew, what we knew about the Trump staff. So they had to be unmasked to know.
Friends on the Hill, urging colleagues, does that sound like she is talking about leaking the information?
In other words, our intelligence at least at some level was politicized.
And people's names were unmasked, and it was shared?
Was he surveilled?
How big is this on a scale from one to 10?
And there may be a cover-up on top.
This is going to get interesting, and the media will end up with egg on their face as usual. They're always wrong.
Coming up, we keep asking CBS to release my 45 minute plus interview with Ted Koppel. They say to "The New York Times" they're not going to do it. What are they afraid of? We'll get reaction tonight from Joe Concha and Matt Schlapp.
Also, we have the latest on the rape case in Rockville, Maryland. Defense attorneys for the illegal immigrant rape suspects are trying to say it was consensual. She was 14-years-old. We will get reaction and an explanation from Herman Cain and more.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So CBS News still won't respond to our request to release my full of 45, 50 minute interview with Ted Koppel. By the way, they told The New York Times they won't to release it. This past weekend they aired 70 seconds of nearly hour sit down. Tonight we want to show you another example of CBS edited fake news. Back in September, remember during the election, CBS edited out a portion of an interview with president Bill Clinton where he talks about Hillary's health after she nearly fainted. Remember that? And here is what aired on the evening news that night.
Rarely, but it did happen. That's not everything Bill Clinton said. Let's play the full clip that CBS played on their morning show the next day. Now listen closely to what Bill Clinton really says here.
Now evening news, they got out Bill Clinton saying "frequently -- not frequently," and of the question is, why didn't CBS News play the full sound bite? At the time the network said it was edited, quote, "purely for time reasons." It was only three seconds. As I mentioned earlier, we reached out to CBS News asking them for a statement and to release the full interview. They told The New York Times they would not release it. We have not heard back.
Joining us now, from the American Conservative Union, their chairman Matt Schlapp, and from The Hill Joe Concha. Good to see you both. What's your take on this from a media reporter standpoint that's not part of the cabal of media reporters that retweet each other all day and live in their bubble?
Why do you want to -- to say it like that? I want to shut you up.
Joe, I've got to be honest, it was a great give and take. Listen, I like Koppel on "Nightline." This is not personal between me and Koppel. I think it was a cheap shot. And 70 seconds, I think it was well over 50 minutes total, that's a cheap shot.
Matt, I will tell you my reason that I think they won't release the tape is because Ted asked me the first question, I gave an answer. And he goes, none of that will air on this show. I'm like, well, why am I here? And then for the rest of the interview, I'm taunting him. Ted, are you going to include this? Ted, are you going to include that? Ted, I think you really need to include what I just said here and here and here. And so they don't want to show that because it exposes what I'm calling edited fake news. What you can do in an edit room, it can be a beautiful work of art.
That exposes all the years that they played this edit fake news game? Come on.
I'm telling you, it was a good conversation. The interesting thing is I am bad for America because I have an opinion show, but Ted, to say that, gave his opinion.
Does it really bother me? No. Do I hate Ted Koppel? No. But, you know what, it gave I think America an opportunity to see these games that the media has been playing. That is fake news because it was not representative of what happened in this studio. That is why it is dishonest.
All right, guys, thank you.
And coming up, the Reverend Franklin Graham will join us later to talk about his brand new move that's come out. But first, we'll have the very latest on the rape case in Rockville, Maryland. Defense attorneys for the illegal immigrant rape suspects are trying to say this was consensual with a 14-year-old girl. We'll explain and get reaction from Herman Cain. That's next.
That was the attorney general, Jeff Sessions, earlier this week discussing the deadly cost of sanctuary cities that they have on the country. On this program over the years we have highlighted families who have been victimized by criminal illegal aliens. And as Fox News has been covering, according to reports, two immigrants from Central America, 18- year-old immigrant Henry Sanchez Milian, pictured right there, and 17-year- old Jose Montano allegedly brutally raped a 14-year-old girl in a bathroom stall at a high school in Maryland. Now, attorneys for the accused, they are saying the sex was consensual and they're claiming the girl agreed to have sex in text messages, while police claim that the sex was forced.
Joining us now with reaction, Fox News contributor Herman Cain. We weren't there, we don't know. This sounds really fishy to me in a lot of ways. But the bigger picture is we have Americans being killed, Americans the victims of rape, and we have criminal aliens -- I interviewed a father yesterday. His son was killed by an illegal immigrant, Herman, that had held woman hostage for a week and raped her. And they let this guy go, and then they killed this kid that was working overnight at a convenience store.
Let me put up on the side of the screen, and I will read them as I put them up here, Herman. We have according to a July report in 2015, the Migration Policy Institute, 820,000 illegal immigrants are convicted criminals. We have another one. According to the U.S. Sentencing Commission, in 2015, 36.6 percent of federal offenses were committed by illegal aliens.
Then you've got in Texas alone, between June of 2011 and February of 2017, there was 1,162 homicide charges filed against illegal aliens. In Texas alone, 2011 through 2017, 68,151 assaults. And you go further. Texas alone between the same years, you've got 6,098 sexual assault charges filed against illegals.
And I, for the life of me, if you are Mayor Rahm "Rahm-bo" "Dead Fish" or "Comrade de Blasio" or the L.A. mayor or a San Francisco politician, how do you get away with aiding and abetting people that we know where break the law? Because you would be in jail, Herman, and I would be in there with you.
All right, Herman. It is sad and applaud finally -- you know what? These cities and these states need to pay the price. And it appears this attorney general is going to uphold the rule of law. Thank you for being with us.
And up next, the Reverend Franklin Graham, he will join us. He has got a brand-new movie out tomorrow, an incredible real-life story and the documentary you don't want to miss, next.
That was a trailer for a brand-new movie out tomorrow night, "Facing Darkness," which tells the true story of two American medical missionary stricken by West Africa's deadly Ebola epidemic and the miraculous fight to get them home and get them cured. Joining us now, the executive producer of this film, also from Samaritan's Purse, also a friend of the program, Reverend Graham is with us. How are you, sir.
So this is in Liberia, a true story about one of your aid doctors, and you have them all over the country and all over the world. He gets Ebola.
And Ebola is almost like a horror film. You melt from the inside out.
And so this poor doctor, so you're doing everything you can to get him out of there.
You had an insurance policy if one of your workers got sick.
Did you sue them?
Oh, after he came out they paid up.
You actually got a federal government plane which you paid for because they had to capacity to carry a patient that had that type of contagion.
And this is a documentary. This is the real deal.
Why only one night only?
So you're going to be a second airing because there was such demand.
Tomorrow night. And if you want to find the theaters, it's FacingDarknessmovie --
FacingDarknessmovie.com, one word.
You do amazing work, reverend. How is your dad?
Doing good? Please send our best.
Good to see you. All right, Samaritan's Purse, Reverend Graham.
All right, that's all the time we have left this evening. I don't play your hate mail tonight, but the "Hannity" hotline will be back tomorrow night. Thanks for being with us. We'll see you then.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 97  ***************************************************
 That was amazing. Even though President Trump skipped the Correspondents' Dinner -- and by the way, for good reason. They don't like him, of course, given the destroy Trump media's abusively biased coverage and never-ending smears, and of course, conspiracy theories against him. Well, that didn't stop the liberals who attended the event from lashing out at the commander-in-chief. Wow, this isn't predictable. Take a look.
Wow. How nice of them. Now, the smears and the so-called jokes about President Trump, well, it didn't just happen at the event. The destroy Trump media also went after the president for holding a rally with the people and skipping this ever-prestigious White House Correspondents' Dinner. Really? He's supposed to go hang out with all of you, the elitists? Watch this.
Now, aren't these just perfect examples of what I've been pointing out to you, just how biased this destroy Trump media really is? Now, the mainstream media utterly despises President Trump. It's dripping from every word they say. They can't stand him. And in the end, they would rather throw him out of office. And they also want to destroy anybody else, like me, anybody in the media that dares agree with him and supports him.
But as we've seen time and time again, President Trump, he's not going to sit back and let these attacks go unchallenged. He's going to call out the media's extreme bias, including right to their faces. This is fun! You've got to love it. Watch this.
Pretty funny!
All right, joining us with reaction, author of the new book, "Understanding Trump," which is to be out soon, FOX News-- former speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich.
There is such a huge divide. I mean, I don't think in my lifetime-- and you were hated, by the way. I remember the Gingrich that stole Christmas, Time, Newsweek. You went through an awful lot and a lot of battles with the media. But frankly, it seems like kindergarten compared to how vicious this effort to take him down, delegitimize him, is. Is there a comparison? Did you live through this? Do you have a sense of what he's going through? And where does this end?
You know, I was kind of messing around at the beginning of the show and on my radio show today in terms of, Oh, I bet a lot of media is probably tuning in to me tonight. And maybe I'll address them, maybe I won't. They'll have to wait the hour and see if I do.
But what's fascinating to me is just how blatant they are about their bias at this time. You know, from November 9th forward, there has been a full- on attempt to delegitimize this president, spinning wild conspiracies against his president. They-- we were proven do have colluded with this president vis-a-vis WikiLeaks. They never vetted Barack Obama. They never talked about his atrocious record.
And to me, I think they feel justified. They don't see anything wrong with what they're doing. I-- maybe I'm wrong, but I-- maybe they do see it but they don't care. Maybe they just think their worldview is so superior to conservatives.
And he's winning still.
I mean, look--
And look at Saturday night. I think that's a big win for him. I think the public doesn't care about the White House correspondents dinner.
There's another thing that I think is really deep and profound here because the left every election cycle will say conservatives are racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic. It's the same old talking points. And they want to throw granny over the cliff and destroy children and poison the air and poison the water. I got all the talking points down.
But they fundamentally don't understand conservatism. They will not objectively analyze that we have the lowest we have the lowest labor participation rate in the eight years after Obama, 95 million Americans out of the labor force, lowest home ownership rate in 51 years, 50 million Americans on food stamps. That's 13 million more than Obama took office-- 8 million more in poverty, 50 million in poverty. And I don't-- and we doubled the debt.
All right, Mr. Speaker, stay right there. We'll have more with Speaker Gingrich right after the break.
And coming up next on this busy news night tonight-- and a special welcome to our media friends-- this is next.
President Trump vowing to repeal and replace ObamaCare, as House Republicans appear to be moving closer towards a vote, maybe this week.
And also tonight--
All right, the co-host of the brand-new show right here on the Fox News Channel, "The Fox News Specialists," our friend, Eric Bolling-- he interviewed the president in Washington today and asked about the border wall. Eric will join us with reaction.
Also Laura Ingraham is here tonight to weigh in on this out-of-control obstruction from the Democrats, the liberal media, and so much more. Tonight, we're are glad you are with us, as always, on "Hannity."
All right, that was President Trump resolved over the weekend, vowing to repeal and replace ObamaCare and hold Congress accountable if they do not act quickly.
President Trump is right. After a botched first attempt to end Obama's disastrous health care law, Republicans, wake up, and Congress, get your act together. And that is tonight's mini monologue.
All right, a senior White House official is telling Fox News that a vote to repeal and replace ObamaCare could finally come as early as this week. Right here on this program, over and over, we promised you we will hold Washington accountable.
So my message to Republican lawmakers is simple: You already failed the American people once. Don't do it again. Get this right. You promised, now deliver. Now, that means before congressional Republican leaders hold a vote, this week, hopefully, they need to make sure there is consensus from the Freedom Caucus, the Tuesday Group, the Study Group, the moderates, even the Senate leadership to make sure everybody finally is on the same page.
And more importantly, the bill to repeal and replace ObamaCare, it must work for the American people. It must lower the cost of premiums, offer better care and more accessibility.
Now, earlier today, President Trump told our good friend, Eric Bolling, who will join us in the next segment, he will not sign a health care bill if it's not a great plan. Watch what he said.
Republicans, you control the House! You control the Senate! You now have President Trump for a reason! And that's because for nearly eight years, you have campaigned again and again and again on a promise to repeal and replace ObamaCare. What did you have, 60 show votes that meant nothing? It's time you now keep your promise and help the president move forward with his agenda so that the American people get a better deal on health care.
Joining us now again-- we continue with former speaker of the House, FOX News contributor Newt Gingrich. You know how frustrated I am here. And I know you're going to tell me as a friend that I've never been a speaker or a congressman and that the wheels of the bureaucracy move ever so slowly.
My patience is gone, as is the patience of the American people. They had eight years to prepare for this moment. They weren't ready to lead.
Yeah, that's obvious.
You know how to make me laugh during a serious point.
Why does that not-- when they want the House in 2010 and they get the House on this issue, when they want the Senate in 2014, they get the Senate-- and by the way, I'm still mad at some of these leaders. I'll mention names-- Paul Ryan. He did all-- he didn't really support the president, called him horrible names, wasn't out campaigning with him.
And you know what? At this point that they-- this late in the game, they don't have their act together, nobody reads the bill, no consensus built, and we don't even know if it'll pass this week-- I think I speak for the average person who's sick of this. And they're saying, Get your act together. and I don't see urgency in Paul Ryan. I know your-- you ran-- you served the House with urgency. He doesn't!
Are you worried-- are you worried they'll make the same mistake on other big legislation agenda items of the president?
Because I am.
Well, but they're so-- but they hate Trump. I don't think Trump could offer $100,000 to every American and they'd say, Why isn't it $105,000?
All right.
All right, Mr. Speaker. Always good to see you.
Thank you for being with us. Appreciate you being with us.
And up next tonight on this busy news night-- and a special warm welcome to our media friends-- right here on "Hannity"--
Eric Bolling, the co-host of the brand-new show right here on the Fox News Channel, "The FOX News Specialists-- he sat down with President Trump earlier today, asked him about the border wall and much more. He'll give us a full report.
And also tonight--
Hello? Nancy Pelosi calls President Trump President Bush again. This as President Trump calls out the Democrats for being the obstructionists they are. Laura Ingraham weighs on that. Oh, and by the way-- the May Day protests. Wait until you see this video straight ahead.
That was Eric Bolling, the cohost of the brand new show right here on the Fox News Channel, "The FOX News Specialists." He was interviewing President Trump earlier today at the White House. The clip you just saw will air on tomorrow's program. We had a preview. What a great guy. At 5:00 eastern. Eric joins us with more. I gave Eboni and them advice on how to deal with you, by the way.
I'm not telling you. Why would I tell you? I told them how to deal with you because we have been friends for so long.
Number one, great interview with the president. Number two, I was glad you asked this question because the whole issue of the funding CR for the border wall -- to me, if he doesn't build that wall, that's the equivalent of "read my lips, no new taxes," and would result in a catastrophe in 2020 for reelection.
By the way, he didn't call your new show, "Deface the Nation," he didn't take a shot at the new show, did he? That was hilarious.
Congratulations. Well-deserved. We have been friends a long time.
Let's go through some of the other things he talked about with you. And one of the things I think the media will never give him credit for, and this is the amazing thing is we are all under attack. I don't think people realize we are being monitored, every word we say every day by people paid in the hopes of taking all of us out, you, me, Tucker, everybody.
And what is amazing is that they won't tell a story that he has a checklist, he made promises. He's not deviating from those promises. All the talk about the intrigue in the White House, he's still keeping all his promises. Every interview he reiterates what he said during the campaign. That is not discussed. That to me is the key issue with him. What else did he tell you today?
Who are they?
They're the worst.
All right, by the way, congratulations to our good friend, Eric. By the way, you can catch him along with our friend Eboni and Kat every weekday 5:00 eastern right here on the Fox News Channel.
And up next, tonight -- on a busy news night on "Hannity" --
You can't make this up. Nancy Pelosi did it again, calling President Trump President Bush. Maybe she should update her talking points. Laura Ingraham will weigh in on that with reaction. That's next straight ahead.
That was President Trump explaining how Democrats have done their best to slow down his agenda by refusing to work with him during his first 100 days in office. And yesterday the president took it a step further by tweeting, quote "The Democrats without a leader have become the party of obstruction. They are only interested in themselves and not what is best for the U.S." And don't expect Democrats, by the way, to change their ways anytime soon. Yes, the unhinged left continues. Take a look.
Joining me now with reaction, Fox News contributor, editor in chief of Lifezette.com, and a nationally syndicated radio talk show host, Laura Ingraham is with us. Your reaction, Laura?
You've always been particularly insightful, especially when it comes to -- you wrote a book years ago, "Shut Up and Sing" or something, I think that was it. And you have been particularly insightful about the psychology of the left. Let me play a montage of Democratic lawmakers attacking Trump and some of the insanity of this Mayday madness protesting around the country. And maybe you can enlighten us about what is going on in the minds of some of these people.
All right, Laura, I am counting on you. Your intuitive insight and analysis on all of that, help us out.
That is such a good point.
I was just saying this to Newt earlier, these are really serious times when 50 million of our fellow citizens are in poverty and on food stamps, and 95 million Americans out of the labor force, the lowest home ownership rate in 51 years. It's not funny. Their policies created this. And they just want to stop -- they offered no solutions to make anybody's life better. Bernie Sanders offered solutions at least. He seems to relate to those people.
I agree. And by the way, if he wants to be reelected, just keep his promises. All the noise will go away and things will turn for the better. All right, Laura, always good to see you. Thank you.
And up next tonight on this busy news night, here on "Hannity" --
Eric Bolling asking President Trump about North Korean aggression. Up next we get reaction from Ric Grenell and much more tonight straight ahead.
That was President Trump earlier today speaking with our own Eric Bolling about the North Korean threat. Joining us now with reaction is former spokesman to the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations Ric Grenell. We've got all these rising tensions. We've got a lot of saber rattling, Kim Jong-un. You've got a president that is upping his military, but I think even more importantly working on our allies and even China in the region which I would hope more than anything is true. Your thoughts?
What bothers me is Bill Clinton gave them billions of dollars, told the American people he stopped them from getting nuclear capability. Appeasement didn't work. They have it. Now we have got to worry that threatening Israel today, North Korea I know tried another ballistic test last week. You've got now U.S. warships sailing within striking distance of North Korea, escalating tensions.
My hope is the Chinese, after they met with the president they sent troops to the border. They sent coal back to North Korea. They are importing American coal. And through their own communist newspaper, they actually said if you test another missile, there is going to dire consequences. But we haven't seen them yet.
Ric Grenell, always appreciate your expertise. Thanks for being with us.
When we come back, we have a very important "Question of the Day," maybe a message for the media, or no message for the media, straight ahead.
Time for the "Question of the Day." So do you think House Republicans will finally get their act together, repeal, replace Obamacare this week? Just go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
By the way, a special thank you to all of our friends in the media that were tuning in tonight maybe for the first time. And all the life you've heard about me are not true. Anyway, thanks for being with us. That's all the time we have this evening and we will see you back here tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 98  ***************************************************
 All right, major developments tonight in the massive FISA abuse scandal. We'll start there. We are getting one step closer to holding top level Obama, FBI, DOJ, deep state officials accountable for what is a severe constitutional abuse. They've completely shredded the Fourth Amendment rights of the American people, and people could and should end up behind bars.
The Attorney General Jeff Sessions thankfully is saying tonight the Department of Justice will be investigating these FISA abuses. Let's watch.
Finally, we've been unpeeling this story for over a year while, of course, the liberal media, they've been lying to you, obsessing over so- called Trump-Russia conclusion, which is nothing more than to this point a conspiracy theory that they've created out of thin air. There is no evidence.
And, by the way, as for the extensive, unprecedented Obama-era FISA abuses, we now have a mountain of incontrovertible and corroborated facts and evidence. Liberal Congressman Adam Schiff's counter memo on FISA abuses has actually confirmed everything that we've been reporting on, and everything that is also in the two Republican memos on the scandal. That's why the mainstream media have been ignoring what is inside the Schiff memo, doesn't fit their narrative, and more importantly, it doesn't damage President Trump, which, of course, is their ultimate goal.
Here's everything that the Schiff memo corroborates from the Nunes and Grassley-Graham memos, this completely unverified Clinton bought and paid for dossier that used Russian government sources made up, in fact, a large part of that FISA application to surveil Trump campaign associate Carter Page. Adam Schiff actually writes that a section of the FISA application references parts of the phony dossier about Carter Page meeting with Russians in Moscow in June of 2016. Page, by the way, is denying these lies and that they've never been proven true. I think Mueller would have arrested him by now or at least charged him.
Remember, the Grassley and Graham memo said the Russian dossier made up the bulk of this FISA application. Schiff didn't say that, but, yes, he admits the dossier was used, and the Schiff memo also corroborates that, in fact, the FBI and the DOJ lied, and purposely and maliciously misled a FISA judge about Clinton and the DNC paying over $12 million for the Russian dossier of unverified lies and propaganda.
Can you believe this is happening in our country?
Schiff's memo actually quotes a part of the FISA application about the dossier having political motivations. But here's the thing. The application never bothered to mention that it was Hillary or the DNC that paid for that dossier. The FBI knew this, but they purposely hid it from the FISA judge. Not rank and file FBI, that higher echelon that we talk about. They used it to get a warrant to spy on the Trump campaign.
Here's another key point that the Schiff memo confirms. The FISA application did mention a Yahoo News article by Michael Isikoff that he wrote about Carter Page. Schiff however lied about the fact that the judge was never made aware that the source for the Yahoo article was Christopher Steele. The Republican memo actually details how this is a major problem because that means that the information was never verified by two independent sources since Steele was the only source. So, those are points that the Schiff memo actually confirms.
And here are the key facts that the Schiff memo flat out lies about. The congressman claims that the Trump campaign was never spied on. That is a lie, 100 percent false, and here's why. When the federal government granted a FISA warrant, that gives them access to every one of Carter Page's old emails, old text messages, and they know every phone call he made which could date back to when he was with the Trump campaign.
Schiff claims former deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe that he never testified that without the dossier there never would have been a FISA warrant application. But the Schiff memo never offers any proof, which likely means it doesn't exist, and my sources confirm that, in fact, McCabe said that. And Schiff does admit that Steele was fired by the FBI for these media leaks. But what Schiff doesn't say is that Steele lied to the FBI about his media contacts.
And the Schiff memo tries to play up Christopher Steele's credibility by saying, well, he's worked with the FBI in the past. Yes, they just fired him.
Here's the problem: Schiff never mentioned that Steele was using Russian government sources, and that the information was never verified independently by the FBI or the DOJ or by anybody. So, it should never have been used for any FISA warrant application at all.
And, finally, Schiff omits this critical piece of evidence, according to our reporting, the dossier put the FISA application over the top. In other words, we've been telling you that the first time they tried, it failed. The FISA application was denied. Then the dossier, well, they added that to get the help that was needed so they could, quote, get it approved. And then they lied to the judge.
What it all means is we have three congressional memos that prove a key fact. The FBI lied to a FISA judge about the Clinton and DNC financing the dossier, which was filled with uncorroborated Russian lies, and they did it to spy on the Trump campaign.
The attorney general, Jeff Sessions, I'm glad he's moving. He needs to move quickly. Everybody involved needs to be held accountable. We need to restore the rule of law.
Also breaking tonight, we have more news about Broward County and the sheriff's department missing countless warning signs about the Florida school shooter, and utterly failing to properly respond to this deadly rampage. This is one huge, massive, giant, bureaucratic failure after another in this case. And Broward County sheriff, Scott Israel, well, he's flat out refusing to take any responsibility. Instead, he's blaming pretty much everybody else.
According to reports, this is almost unconscionable, four of sheriff Israel's deputies did not enter the building while the shooting was happening. One deputy, a school resource officer on the scene, his name is Scot Peterson, was armed with a gun and bullet proof vest. He took up a position outside the building while the shooting was taking place.
One student described Peterson as standing still after he heard shot after shot being fired. Peterson's defending his actions and ended up resigning. What we're now learning is that the first members of law enforcement to enter the school, they were actually from the Coral Springs police department. Those officers rushed right in.
Broward County deputies, they took up a defensive posture and position outside. And also new tonight, Fox News reporting that Broward County sheriff's department also prevented the EMTs from entering the school. And there were questions about, well, you know, would it be proper protocol? Students and teachers were shot and dying and bleeding.
Sources are telling our own Laura Ingraham that Broward County sheriff deputies, they were told not to go into the school unless their body cameras were turned on, even though those deputies apparently didn't have them. Sara Carter breaking news tonight, reporting that under Sheriff Scott Israel's leadership, apparently, there have been at least 40 investigations into that department of misconduct.
We did reach out to the sheriff's office for comment on Sara's story. We haven't heard back.
This is all one, huge, massive, giant blunder after another while students and teachers were being slaughtered inside the school. And sadly, that's just part of the story. We know the FBI was alerted not once but twice about Nikolas Cruz and his sinister intentions including weeks before the massacre. One unidentified woman told authorities that she feared Cruz would, get into a school and shoot the place up.
'The Naples Daily News' reported that Broward County Sheriff's Office received 18 specific warning calls about Nikolas Cruz since 2008, and law enforcement, imagine this, visited this kid's home a whopping 39 times in a seven-year period.
And we also know Cruz raised all kinds of red flags at school. He wasn't allowed to wear a backpack because of security concerns, and he was ultimately expelled because of his behavior. And, of course, he posted all these disturbing images on social media. Warning signs missed at every single level here.
People did the right thing. They saw something. They said something. They alerted authorities. These authorities dropped the ball on a level I can't even comprehend.
They didn't do their jobs. They failed this community in Florida. And these officials need to be owning up to their mistakes so it never happens again, and we can fix the problems in the system. Prevent future massacres.
But that's not the case. You've heard people like Broward County sheriff, Scott Israel, he's refusing to own up to his failures. He won't answer key questions. He pats himself on the back, and as a general overall lack of sympathy.
Watch this.
Obviously, the sheriff is in denial, out of touch with reality, which is why people are calling on him to now resign.
Instead of doing everything that we just showed, Sheriff Israel, he should be apologizing to the victim's families and correcting the issues that didn't stop this mass shooting, and his deputies going into that building. Sheriff Israel doesn't appear to be interested in doing any of this. In fact, last week he said that he might not even release the footage showing Deputy Scot Peterson failing to enter the building.
Listen to what he says.
Unbelievable. Whatever footage the sheriff has should be released to the public. The American people, all of you, and the people of Florida and these families deserve to see it if they want to see it. Sheriff Israel needs to stop trying to save his job, focus on protecting this community that he's supposed to be serving.
Joining us now with reaction to her article and breaking news, FOX News contributor Sara Carter, civil rights and criminal defense attorney David Schoen is with us.
Sara, I'm looking at your article, and I'm blown away. At least 66 cases of criminal misconduct being investigated into Sheriff Israel's department? What is going on down there?
All right. David, I know law enforcement. My mother worked in a prison. My dad was a family court probation guy. When my Uncle Billy gave me a Christmas present, I'm about that tall, it was an NYPD hat, it was a badge, and I never felt more proud in my life.
He also once said, the sting in any rebuke is the truth. This is stinging.
So there is a lot of truth here about failure.
How do you not -- look, I don't want to judge Scot Peterson. I don't. I don't get it though. I really don't understand it. I know the media is fixating that Donald Trump said he'd go in, because they just hate the president and this is how superfluous and ignorant the media is.
But I know cops, they're friends of mine. I was just at dinner with a cop, and this is not how they act.
Yes.
He thinks he did a great job.
He doesn't take responsibility for what his officers do.
All right. Let me go back to Sara on our other breaking news story. The comments of Jeff Sessions today. Now, we do know the inspector general coming out with a report. I assume it's going to deal with FISA abuse. But him saying it sounded to me, and maybe I'm wrong, that this goes even deeper than that.
But we know it was abused. We already know it was abused, don't we?
They didn't tell the judge that Hillary paid for it. They didn't tell that it was unverified. They didn't tell the judge that the same source for Michael Isikoff, right?
Yes.
All right. Sara, great investigative work on both issues. Thank you.
David Schoen, we appreciate your involvement and contribution.
All right. Our top two stories, more reaction, Sebastian Gorka, Dan Bongino and Gerald next. Stay with us.
All right. Joining us on, two top stories, former deputy assistant to the president, FOX News national security strategist Sebastian Gorka, former Secret Service agent, NRA TV contributor, Dan Bongino, and FOX News correspondent at large, Geraldo.
Geraldo, you're outmanned, so I'll start with you because of that reason?
No, no, but the thing is, you agree with me. You agree, secure the perimeter, a full security assessment, every school armed, retired, concealed carry, police, retired military.
Here's the problem. When you go around the military and you've been out with them, so they love you. Police in New York love you. You have always fought for the people that defend our freedoms and protect our communities.
I've never heard of a cop, ever, no not being so prepared that they want. This is what -- if that moment comes, they want to save people's lives.
No, they're not perfect.
Well, he did have an incident that we know about.
But they're trained and mentally they prepare for those moments. That's what they train so hard for.
Bernie Kerik is a good friend of mine. He ran a different department.
All right. Dan Bongino, you worked in the Secret Service. You've been in the NYPD. Isn't this what every cop trains for? I've never heard of one, never mind four. Then you heard the comments of Israel, what do you think?
But that doesn't explain away the 39 times they're at this kid's house or the Baker Act in Florida that would allow them to institutionalize this kid. There's never been a case, see something, say something. We had every single sign, symptom and evidence that this was the guy.
Doctor Gorka?
Dan Bongino?
But no, but that's the point. They had the armed guard. That was Scot Peterson.
The whole point, Dr. Gorka, you need guards on every Florida. You need the perimeter secure, a security assessment. If we do that for every school and we have the manpower and they're on the floor, they're in the building. That is where they should be.
All right, thank you all for being with us. Appreciate it. When we come back, you don't want to miss Jesse Watters and Jessica Tarlov and much more news as Hannity continues.
All right, he is only been out of office a little over a year. President Obama seems to have completely, utterly forgotten details of his blunder filled time in the White House during his off the record so called speeches. MIT on Friday, Obama actually congratulated himself and his own administration and their lack of scandals. Really? Really? Listen to this.
He is obviously in a state of denial. Let's just remind everybody what it was really like, the truth and reality is. Start 2013, AP scandal. His Justice Department obtaining two months' worth of phone records from the A.P, something the AP called a massive, unprecedented intrusion. 2014, the administration ridiculed over excessive weight times at V.A. Hospitals that led to the death of dozens of veterans. The month's long scandal surrounding the prisoner swap, Bo Bergdaal, and then the thing called Benghazi, that scandal where four Americans actually died in Libya. But I guess at this point what difference does it make, right, Hillary? And don't forget the Fast and Furious scandal, they actually put guns in the hands of violent Mexican gangs and of course people died.
By the way, we actually interviewed family members. Also, the time the IRS, oh, yeah, they apologized recently in the Trump administration they were targeting conservatives and tea Party groups. And of course, the disastrous Obamacare rollout, and of course the money for Solyndra, that was a disaster. And of course we're still dealing with the ramifications of the ongoing uranium one scandal, and we could go on to help spark President Obama's memory, the co-host of the five, and the host of Watters ' World Jesse Watters and Fox News contributor, it's actually her world tonight.
Yeah.
Let's start with this one thing. Let us start with Uranium One. Here is a scenario 2009, we have an FBI Informant inside of Putin's network in America. He is reporting back Robert Mueller is the Director at the time. Hillary Clinton's Secretary of State, Obama's our President. What are they doing? Involved in bribery, extortion, kickbacks and money laundering. 20 percent of America's uranium ends up in the hands of the bad actor Vladimir Putin and Russia.
Excuse me. There is no disputing CFIUS signed off on the deal. They ignored the informant that was in Putin's working with his operatives in America, and they allowed it to happen. 20 percent of our uranium is controlled by that group.
Give me one instance of what I said was wrong.
Control of through his Uranium One company, Russian owned and operated.
I never said that.
No. I said the uranium that they said would never leave the U.S. but it went to Canada, Europe, and Asia.
Hillary Clinton's state department", that is correct.
Mistake or crime?
Isn't it a felony to miss handle and destroy top secret special access programming information?
Is there any evidence of Trump-Russia conclusion? Do you know of any evidence you can tell our audience tonight?
I'm asking any evidence of Trump campaign, Russia conclusion at all?
That would be a mess.
Respond to Jesse's point. What about the FISA scandal? When you don't tell the FISA court that Hillary paid for the dossier?
You know a lot of people in the Trump campaign? I was actively involved in the Trump campaign and I wanted Trump to win. I never heard of George Papadopoulos.
I never heard of him. I knew everybody in the campaign, never heard of him.
His own fiancee, there is our credible witness.
Wait a minute. He is the guy that said Trump was loan some and horrible.
Actually, sadly, it's Jesse's world. You lived in it tonight.
President Trump made a major announcement about his re-election. Lara Trump joins us in studio next.
It's only 13 months into his presidency. President Trump is gearing up to run for re-election. Today in fact it was announced who serve as campaign manager for the Trump 2020 re-election. Joining us with more is President Trump's daughter in law who will serve as a senior advisor to Donald J. Trump for president on the reelection committee. Lara Trump good to see you. How are you? How's the baby?
I saw the picture when he was actually sitting in the President's seat, very nice. And the hair.
You've been doing this for a while. This really is news to me.
Every night on this show, I talk about the media in this country, they've reported for well over a year, Trump-Russia conclusion, there is smoke, but there is no fire. There is nothing. They have nothing
But we have found evidence that Hillary Clinton bought and paid for an unverified Russian government dossier that then was used for FISA abuse, and they didn't tell the FISA judge that she bought and paid for it, and it was unverified.
They don't talk about it anymore. Imagine if it was your father- in-law though, that he was the one that paid for the Russian dossier?
Imagine that it was your father that was involved in giving 20 percent of America's uranium to the bad actor Putin and the hostile regime, Russia?
We would, wouldn't we?
He is so not the typical politician. It's interesting, after a year and the comments I get from people in social media. It's interesting to me many people now realize he is not like every other President. He is not a politician. That means he is going to say and tweet stuff that people are -- I mean, the media, especially will feign outrage over. I think America's actually getting used to it. Saying, oh, that is refreshing.
You see the Heritage foundation 64 percent of his agenda is already done faster than Ronald Reagan.
They're upset he didn't give Barron the umbrella.
This is a personal question. I know you, Eric, and I know Don and your families and I've met you guys. More than anybody, you seem to have embraced this. This is not, this is a blood sport the world of politics. How have you acclimated and taken on this role that so many people would never want to be a part of?
After eight horrific years of Obama, we need the change. Great to see you. Congratulations on the baby, and we hope you'll come back soon. Appreciate you being with us.
When we come back, Tomi Lahren goes to D.C. and asks people what they think about living in the swamp, and the Hannity hotline straight ahead.
We have a quick update on the story we told you about last week. A Stoneman Douglas high school student he was supposed to appear on CNN's gun-control town hall, he said the network try to script his question. Both he and his father said he had emails to prove that, told the entire media. Tonight he told the AP he omitted some words from the email, he didn't do it on purpose, therefore what he told the news outlets last week wasn't accurate, our job is always to strive for the truth and we want to correct the record.
Now time for video of the day. We sent Tomi Lahren to D.C. to ask people what they think about the swamp, let us take a look.
All right. Thanks Tomi and time for the Hannity hotline, hit me with your best shot.
All right I am a cowboy and I kind of do say that a lot, too bad. I have something to say. Mean or nice it does not matter, 8772258587. This show will never be the swamp. We will never be the destroyed Trump media, always fair and balance. That is all the time we have left, but let not your heart be troubled because the one and only Laura Ingraham.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 99  ***************************************************
 We start tonight with a stunning piece of investigative reporting from Paul Sperry. We have told you that the two Republican memos about severe FISA abuses. We gave all the details and unconstitutional spying on the Trump campaign. We told you this is just the beginning of what is coming.
There is a new development in this massive scandal. According to Sperry, the House Intelligence Committee is now focusing on several key former Obama intelligence officials which include John Brennan and James Clapper and their connections to the Steele dossier that was filled with Hillary Clinton bought and paid for Russian lies.
Let's start with the former CIA Director John Brennan. According to Paul Sperry's new reporting, the House Intel Committee is investigating whether or not Brennan committed perjury when testifying under oath about the dossier. And here's what Brennan said back in May of 2017. Pay close attention.
So we're to believe John Brennan the former head of the CIA claiming under oath that he had no idea that Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid over, what, $12 million to finance this salacious unverified dossier that used even Russian government sources? Now that was in May of 2017.
We now know from the GOP memos that approximately seven months earlier in October, of 2016, that the FBI, the DOJ, they were using that dossier as the bulk of the FISA application to get the warrant to spy on the Trump campaign associate Carter Page. We have also discovered that the FBI and the DOJ lied to the FISA court judge. They never said, never told the judge although they knew it that Clinton paid for the dossier.
Instead, they thought they were clever. They put a little footnote in the application about the dossier, perhaps, having some political affiliation. So, Brennan was either the most uninformed CIA director in the history of the country or was he lying to Congress? That's just the start of Brennan's problems.
Paul Sperry is also discovering how Brennan allegedly pushed information about this dossier to the FBI and Democratic leaders. Congressional source is telling Sperry, quote, John Brennan did more than anyone to promulgate the dirty dossier. He politicized and effectively weaponized what was false intelligence against Donald Trump. And then Paul Sperry gives further details about Brennan's efforts to damage the Trump campaign with the phony dossier.
According to numerous reports on August the 25th, 2016, Brennan briefed the former Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid about what he said was Russia trying to help Trump win the election. And two days later, Senator Reid fires off a letter to James Comey demanding the FBI investigate the Trump campaign for colluding with the Russians.
Reid wrote in part, quote: the evidence of direct connection between the Russian government and Donald Trump's presidential campaign continues to mount. And then Reid goes on to specifically mention an allegation from the phony dossier about a Trump campaign associate going to Moscow in July of 2016. We know who that person was. That was Carter Page. Weird.
How would then Senator Reid have known that? Did Brennan a couple of days earlier, did he brief Reid about the fake news document put together by Christopher Steele that was paid for by Hillary Clinton?
Reid publicly encouraged the FBI to investigate the Trump campaign. That's called, the way I look at it, trying to influence an election. But that wasn't Reid's only attempt to do so. The former senator put out a second letter to Comey just before the election in October of 2016 and he writes this: in my communications with you and other top officials in the national security community, it has become clear that you possess explosive information about close ties and coordination between Donald Trump and his top advisors and Russian government.
Who were the top officials Harry Reid is talking about? Was it Brennan? We know from reports that Reid was briefed by the former CIA director. That was before the election. Now, as for after the elections, Paul Sperry is reporting that Brennan had information from the Steele dossier, included in the president's daily intelligence briefing.
Those details were then leaked to the press and CNN, The Washington Post, New York Times, they all reported on him. And then months later when testifying, Brennan then said that details from the dossier weren't good enough to include in the January 2017 intelligence community report about Russian election interference. OK. They used it in October to get the FISA warrant.
So, despite all of these facts, all this information, Brennan still appears to be claiming he knows nothing about the dossier. And now here is what he said on meet the press earlier this month. Take a close listen.
Brennan clearly has explaining to do. If Brennan didn't know much about the dossier and didn't see the thing until a month after the election, then why was Harry Reid specifically referencing it in August of 2016 after being briefed by Brennan? And why, according to Sperry did Brennan insist that information about the dossier be included in President Obama's daily intelligence briefing?
Those are just some of the major burning questions that John Brennan has to answer tonight. Paul Sperry is also reporting that the former Obama director of national intelligence, James Clapper, he is now facing scrutiny. Serious questions are being raised about what Clapper told fake news, CNN, about the dossier back in October 2017. Let's watch him.
That's fascinating because it looks like going back to October is Clapper. He is trying to lay the groundwork for the argument that oh, it doesn't really matter that Hillary Clinton paid for the Russian dossier with Russian government lies. All in an effort to lie to the American people and influence an election. And it appears Clapper is also trying to cover his tracks because the Obama administration knew well before then that Clinton shelled out 12 million dossier dollars for Christopher Steele to write this Russia propaganda.
The other fascinating aspect that Sperry points out about Clapper's comments, Clapper claims that some parts of the dossier were corroborated. All right, the question is, which ones? And how? Temember, the House Intelligence Committee memo exposes how in their application for that FISA warrant that the FBI says it verified the dossier with the Yahoo News article that was written by Michael Isikoff and Michael Isikoff's source was Christopher Steele.
The FBI never actually independently verified any of this. Is that what Clapper is talking about?
It's time now for both Brennan and Clapper to face Congress. They now need to go back under oath and talk about what they knew, what they found and when they found it. We did reach out to Harry Reid, John Brennan and James Clapper for comments. They didn't get back to us. I'm not going to hold my breath.
Also brand new tonight, pressure is mounting on former Obama national security advisor Susan Rice to start answering questions. Why did she email herself on President Trump's inauguration day about an important meeting that President Obama had with former FBI Director Comey way back 15 days earlier on January 5th?
Senators Grassley and Graham are out with a letter demanding that Rice explain herself. According to the senators, they discussed the January 5th email as part of a national archives request about meetings between President Obama and former FBI Director James Comey regarding the bureau's Russia investigation. So when the email to herself, let me send an email to self which Senator Graham is calling disturbing.
Rice writes: President Obama began the conversation by stressing his continued commitment to ensuring that every aspect of this issue is handled by the intelligence and law enforcement communities by the book. The president stressed that he is not asking about initiating or instructing anything from a law enforcement perspective. He reiterated that our law enforcement team needs to proceed as it normally would by the book.
From a national security perspective however, President Obama said he wants to be sure as we engage with the incoming team that we are mindful to ascertain if there is any reason that we cannot share information fully as it relates to Russia. What's his role in this? The next part of that is redacted.
And before we continue, why would the president not want to share information with the Trump transition team? What does he think might have happened? Who told him what, when, and where?
Remember, Obama did amend the executive order 12333 that allowed the widespread sharing of widespread raw information across 16 intelligence agencies but he didn't live with that rule under his administration.
Rice then continues, quote: the president asked Comey to inform him if anything changes in the next few weeks that should effect how we share classified information with the incoming team. Comey said he would. In a statement to foxnews.com, Susan Rice's attorney, she is claiming tonight that what she did was not unusual, was merely an attempt for rice to memorialize the meeting for the record. OK, 15 days later?
And then Rice's attorney also attacked Grassley and Graham for daring to ask the question. It's all very, very strange. There is more to this story, that, I can promise you. And eventually, we will unpeel that onion. It will be investigated.
Also tonight, great reporting, Rowan Scarborough from The Washington Times, he is highlighting all of the allegations in this phony dossier jet to be verified. What, 20 months later? And Scarborough is writing how it's been 20 months since former British spy Christopher Steele went to the FBI and he points out 10 major accusations from the dossier never been verified. We will give you top five for constraints of time.
Trump campaign launched an extensive conspiracy with the Kremlin to interfere in the 2016 presidential election, Scarborough notes rightly so it hasn't been verified.
Mr. Trump for decades, a developer of tall buildings, maintained an 8-year relationship of give and take with Russian intelligence. Not verified. Mr. Trump and senior campaign aides actively supported the Russian hacking of Democratic Party computers to steal and release stolen emails. OK. Never verified.
Carter Page and campaign manager Paul Manafort personally conspired with Moscow to hack the Democrats' computers. That wasn't verified either. By the way the hacking started in 2015 and neither Page nor Manafort were part of the campaign then and both deny the charges in that case.
And the last, the dossier says Page met with two top Kremlin operatives and discussed bribes for working to lift economic sanctions. And Scarborough writes that Carter Page testified under oath that he never met or talked to those people. Page also filed libel lawsuits.
That's just some of the allegations that have never been verified in this phony dossier. Although I understand people are being paid to try to verify it to this day. Yet as the GOP memos have exposed, the bulk of that FISA application consisted of this unverified dossier and James Comey and the FBI never bothered to verify it. Neither did Fusion GPS. Nobody verified it. We can't verify any of it to this day, although a lot has been proven false.
Also breaking this hour, Byron York has a stunning report. Here's his headline. Comey told Congress the FBI agents didn't think Michael Flynn lied. And according to Byron York during a march 2017 briefing to members of Congress, Comey said the FBI agents who interview Lieutenant General Michael Flynn did not think that he lied or that any inaccuracies in his statements were intentional. Comey added the agents didn't think Flynn would be charged with a crime related to the interview.
So, then, why months later, was Flynn charged with a crime of lying to the FBI? Remember, it was Peter Strzok who, in fact, interviewed General Flynn. That's a question that we, the American people, you, the American people, deserve to know the answer to.
All right. Here with reaction, so many questions tonight, former deputy assistant to the president, FOX News national security strategist, Dr. Sebastian Gorka, and former FBI assistant director, James Kallstrom.
James, I have known you a lot of years. I have nothing but the deepest respect for all law enforcement. They risk their lives. They keep our country safe. They do it because they love their country.
As a former top FBI guy, you're watching all of this. What are your general thoughts?
Let me ask you, too.
In all your years in the FBI, did you ever hear of an exoneration months before the principle, some 18 of them, including the main principle, is ever interviewed? Did you ever hear of a FISA court being handed information that they know is political and who paid for it and not telling the FISA judge and not verifying it?
Dr. Gorka, we got this new information Paul Sperry tonight which I think is fascinating. Comment on Brennan, Clapper, and Susan Rice's email but, remember, we haven't gotten to the bottom of the surveillance, the unmasking, the lack of minimization, the leaking of raw intelligence which we know a crime was committed against General Flynn. Nobody seemed to care. I do, especially somebody that served our country for 30 some odd years of his life.
What do you make of these new developments?
I have never heard that by the way. That's news to me. We'll dig deeper.
Fake news CNN, it's got to be true. OK, go ahead.
What do you make of Susan Rice then? What do you make of -- that's the biggest CYA I have ever seen in my life.
Last word, Jim.
Three hundred --
In a year.
We're going to get to that too.
Last word, Jim Kallstrom.
I have got to run. One of the reasons we are getting to the truth and I think our audience needs to know this because there are good and honorable people, most of them, the vast majority, the 99 percent and the FBI and the intelligence community. They are fed up with this. They are now talking and stepping up. Thank you both. Good to see you, Jim. It's been a while. Dr. Gorka.
When we come back, Ed Henry and Newt Gingrich straight ahead.
Busy day in our nation's capital as the heads of the intelligence agencies were on Capitol Hill where they briefed lawmakers on a wide range of national security issues.
From Washington with much more, Fox News chief national correspondent Ed Henry.
Ed, the only frustrating part was every time they said we will talk about that later in closed session.
I want to hear it now.
All right. A lot of speculation out there. Thanks, Ed Henry. He is connected in D.C.
Joining us now, author of The New York Times bestseller 'Vengeance'. He is former speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich.
Mr. Speaker, I can't get over two very important things here. And that is Comey and Strzok's exoneration before investigation and then a FISA memo that they know Hillary bought and paid for, that's unverified by anybody that is presented to a FISA court and then they don't tell the FISA court that Hillary bought and paid for the Russia lies.
This is -- this is scary -- this is about impacting the elections and the absolute integrity of elections in this country.
It really has taken a turn in that direction.
Every night on this program I'm adding new information and still, because the story is -- it's getting so big, impacting so many people, you kind of have to build the bridge every night so everybody understands what the new information is. But I want to stay focused on this FISA for a second. It was unverified by fusion GPS. Unverified by the FBI. They knew Hillary bought and paid for it, and they didn't tell the FISA Judge. And it wasn't done just once. They attempted it in July. They didn't get it. Then they did it in October and they got it then they renewed it three times. And the bulk of information that was presented was the Clinton bought and paid for dossier that they never informed the Judge about. I mean, if I'm that FISA Judge, I'm calling those people back in yesterday.
Yeah. Unbelievable. I agree with you, Mr. Speaker. I do believe -- just last question. Historically. I keep saying it is so much bigger than Watergate, because of the use, the highest levels, the highest echelons in intelligence, the FBI, the DOJ and the absolute abuse of power the intelligence weaponry we have and also the deception to the FISA Judge.
Well said. All right. Mr. Speaker, take care of the cough. I have had it for a week myself. Feel better. When we come back, the ladies of 'The View' taking a nasty shot at the vice President and his faith. Jesse Watters, it's his world and Jessica Tarlov. They are straight ahead.
No secret that the liberal co-hosts at 'The View' on ABC will stop at nothing to trash all things on Donald Trump. Earlier today it might hit a new low making fun of Vice President Pence for Christian faith even suggesting his relationship with god must be crazy and dangerous. Watch this.
Here with reaction co-host of the five and host of 'Watter's World' Jesse Watters, Fox news contributor Jessica Tarlov. Jesse world and even though I'm on the road today and we all live in it?
Jessica, let me start with you, why is there over the years we watch and I see this all the time, this is like compulsion by some on the left, not all of them, but many to insult and demean people's deeply held religious values and views. Here is the Vice President that is a Christian. The Lord's Prayer says thy kingdom come, thy will be done. It doesn't say mine. It doesn't say Mike Pence or anybody else. He has never said anything to the contrary. Why is it that it's ok to demean those values, but why do you believe if you demean other people's values you will get a very different reaction?
It doesn't matter where you start. You are going to go back to whatever the talking points are.
This is why I think the left and Democratic Party in general will have problems with red state America, because they are constantly insulting and demeaning the deeply held values of many people.
Let me go to Susan Rice. When somebody says 15 days after a meeting, oh, Barack Obama said do it by the book. Oh, Barack Obama said do it by the book. Oh, Barack Obama said do it by the book. Why do I read that and say ok, Barack Obama didn't say do it by the book? I don't believe -- that memo is so suspicious. The biggest CYA I think I ever read in my life and I think there might be something on the other side of that, Jessica, are you going to defend that?
That is not what he said just tonight on my show. He was talking about 15 days later. I don't know anybody that in the final minutes, Jesse, in the White House, their final act, oh, let me say Barack Obama said we are going to do this by the book. I sense a lot of fear in that memo.
All right. Guys, thank you both. Jessica, I hope you enjoy Jesse's world. You live in it?
When we come back a major update on the immigration battle in Washington, D.C. You don't want to miss this. That is next.
All right, this morning President Trump weighed in on the DACA debate he tweeted quote negotiations on DACA have begun. Republicans want to make and deal and Democrats say they want to make a deal. Wouldn't it be great finally after so many years to solve the DACA puzzle? This will be our last chance, there will never be another opportunity March 5th. Here with reaction, former secret service agent Dan Bongino, immigration attorney Francisco Hernandez. Francisco on this show you have said that you support building a walls? Why build the wall? And you said that many times. The president said a wall with a door and we get to -- people get to come in to this country if they do it legally. You probably have no problem in chain migration and no problem with the VISA lottery. Is it worth to the Democrats really care about DACA because they did set at that table wouldn't you take that deal.
I don't think so.
All right. I don't think the Democrats want a deal Dan Bongino.
Rather run on this in 2018.
So, Dan?
I'm with Dan Bongino, I wouldn't support it?
This is the problem Dan Bongino, you always get the spending increases -- I'm sorry you never get the spending decreases you get the tax increases. You never get the wall built. You get the amnesty, trace it back to 1986, 2006.
If the President does any deal he better get the money up front because they will never fund the wall.
Dan?
Thank you, both. When we come back.
Hannity hotline, our video of the day and much more.
Jimmy Kimmel has developed quite a reputation for using his show to seize the moral high ground on his favorite liberal positions, last night he cracked some jokes at the expense of the North Korean Olympic cheerleading squad. Watch this.
All right Jim you said, you shed a lot of tears in your program over the past years, do you have any sympathy for the numbers, the hundreds of thousands of North Koreans that have been enslaved by their government, those killed by their government, the population that is being starved by their government not so sure that fits with your liberal mind-set. Time for the Hannity hotline, take a listen
Unbelievable. Well don't care what we have to say. Do you have anything to say? It doesn't matter. Nice, mean, hateful, you want to talk about Laura Ingraham, 8772258587, now tomorrow night, we are digging even deeper. We will have tick tocks and breaking news tomorrow night that I know is coming also the latest on, now we have Obama and Susan Rice and Brandon and Clapper, which is beginning to touch the surface. All right. Remember the show will always be fair and balance. We hope you will set the DVR's so you'll never miss an episode. Let not your heart be troubled, we will never be the destroyed Trump media. Anyway, Laura Ingraham is standing by, what is so funny?
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 100  ***************************************************
 All right. The president delivered a historic State of the Union Address, almost 50 million Americans watch last night.
And, by the way, by far, more people watched the Fox News Channel. We really want to say thank you so much for trusting us. We want to earn that trust every day.
Now, the speech highlighted the president's many accomplishments and he touted how it is -- he is now enacting Reagan style conservative principles and they are working. Now, of course, the vast majority of Democrats, led by negative Nancy Pelosi, they hated every single second of it, and it was obvious. And they sat on their hands with a scowl on their face, refusing to applaud things you would think they would want to applaud -- historically low unemployment in the country.
Now, just take a look at some of the examples of the Democrats just playing petty partisan politics. Take a look.
All right. We're going to have more on the Democrats ridiculous behavior. That's coming up later in the show.
You see, the left in America, they have no ideas, they have no solution. They don't stand for anything except they are against President Trump. They hate President Trump.
Now, Congressman Luis Gutierrez even walked out of the speech during chants of "USA, USA." His excuse, he had to get ready for an interview.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders is calling out Pelosi and the Democrats with some really, really powerful truth. Take a look.
Now, wouldn't that be great? What a terrific -- come together, fix the country, help the forgotten men and women. Will Democrats ever put the country before the hatred of the president? Interesting question to ponder.
Now, we have our doubts. Remember, they s supported eight years of Obama's failure. We had 13 million more Americans on food stamps, 8 million more on property, the lowest labor participation rates since the '70s, the worst economic recovery since the '40s and the lowest home ownership rate in 51 years and Obama accumulated more debt than any other president combined, and he was the only president never to reach three percent GDP growth in the course of his presidency in any one given year.
And then you have the liberal mainstream media. They are in full breakdown, freak-out mode over the president's successful State of the Union Address. You can't make this up. Their bias is so transparent.
All right. That is not all, the shh-hole network, fake news CNN, they went on full on conspiratorial mode about the color of the first lady Melania Trump's outfit. Now, this speculation is an utter disgrace but sadly very predictable. Let's take a look.
And NBC News, they can't give up their obsession with the, quote, Russian investigation. Even moments before the State of the Union, this, too, a disgrace. Watch.
An abject lesson, this shows you how out of touch the liberal mainstream destroy Trump media really is. It didn't matter what the president said last night. The media had already predetermined that they were going to hate it. But, of course, you, the American people, you had a very different reaction to the State of the Union.
Let's look at the CBS News poll. Seventy-five percent of people who watched, they approved of the president's speech, and even fake news shh- hole network CNN, their polls showed a combined 70 percent of speech watchers, they had a positive reaction.
And if you just watched the media's hysterical coverage, you wouldn't know any of this and you probably think that everybody hated the speech. That's why on this program, we call them the destroy Trump media.
Now, also, important breaking news this hour. We have massive developments regarding the release of the four-page classified memo exposing Obama era surveillance of members of the Trump campaign and the Trump transition. Sources are telling me tonight that there is an internal debate at the White House about whether they should release the memo with other supporting documents, and I, for one, and for full transparency, release it all, and I don't want anything redacted. Maybe if it impacts sources and methods of security only.
Make the memo public. And, by the way, it's about getting the truth out and that is scaring the living hell out of some people at the FBI at the DOJ tonight, and of course, the deputy attorney general, Rod Rosenstein, and, of course, Peter Strzok.
According to The Daily Beast, Rosenstein, he is named in that memo and according to other reporting, the deputy attorney general is responsible for extending the FISA warrant to literally spy on Trump campaign manager -- remember, the pretext was all under Carter Page, they went much further. And, clearly, Rosenstein is shaking in his boots tonight.
We are hearing from sources that he is the most scared individual in Washington right now and at this point, it's all about self-preservation for him. Now, just look at what fake news CNN is reporting tonight, that President Trump asked Rosenstein if he was on his team. Now, some might want to check Rosenstein's phone records and emails because isn't it a little too convenient that when the walls begin to close in on him, especially after McCabe being fired, all of a sudden, there is a targeted leak to make Rosenstein look better?
The FBI is also trying to attack the memo, and Peter Strzok, he's trying to distract away from his own scandals by selectively leaking information to CNN to try and make himself look better.
Now, Sara Carter, who will join us in a little bit, is reporting tonight that the U.S. intelligence agencies are joining the effort to block the memo from being released. They don't want us to see it, they don't want you to see it.
You have liberal Senator Cory Booker is saying, releasing the memo would be, quote, treasonous.And in a statement earlier, the FBI wrote in part, quote: "With regard to the House Intelligence Committee's memorandum, the FBI was provided a limited opportunity to review this memo the day before the committee voted to release it as expressed during our initial interview. We have great concerns about material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo's accuracy.
So, today, the FBI, they are trying to take shots at the memo. But yesterday, our own Catherine Herridge reported this: Two senior FBI officials that reviewed the memo, quote, could not point to any factual inaccuracies. Now, the House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, he is firing back with a powerful statement of his own, here's what he said and it's revealing.
"Having stonewalled Congress' demands for information for nearly a year, it's no surprise to see the FBI and DOJ issue serious objections to allowing the American people to see information related to surveillance abuses at these agencies. The FBI is intimately familiar with material omissions with respect to their presentations to both Congress and the courts and they are welcome to make public to the greatest extent possible all the information they have on these abuses. Regardless, it's clear that top officials used unverified information in a court document to fuel a counterintelligence investigation during an American political campaign. Once this truth gets out, we can begin taking steps to ensure our intelligence agencies and courts are never misused like this again.
Now, it makes perfect sense, the FBI would try to tear down or delegitimize that memo because the memo clearly, according to Devin Nunes, exposes top ranking officials at the bureau using an unverified Clinton bought and paid for dossier as we have been telling you as an part of the justification to spy on an opposition campaign during an election and the president-elect and his team.
Now to be clear, the media will never report this. We are not talking about rank and file members who work every single day at the FBI, the DOJ, the intelligence community. What we are talking about, we are very specific, are a few bad actors in those communities that are on the verge of being exposed for committing massive constitutional violations. Now that is why they are desperately trying to prevent them on Michael from coming out, from you having an opportunity to see it.
Now, you remember back in January, after almost a year of stonewalling, Devin Nunes, and the House Intel Committee, well, we know that Rod Rosenstein and FBI Director Christopher Wray, they went crawling into Speaker Paul Ryan's office, begging at the last hour, after a year, don't give the House Intelligence Committee access to the Russian investigation related documents. Nunes had to threaten to hold them in contempt before they would comply. Thankfully to Speaker Ryan's credit, he held his ground in that meeting.
Now, if they did nothing wrong, if they didn't do anything wrong, then why fight so wrong to prevent Congress from seeing the documents? Release the memo, release the underlying documents with it, the documentation of it all. If they did nothing wrong, well, then why are they trying to stop the memo from coming out?
What don't top FBI and DOJ officials want you come at the American people, to know? This is an important question. We are heading towards a showdown.
The author of the best selling book "Vengeance," former speaker of the House, FOX News contributor Newt Gingrich is with us.
They didn't want the information released in the beginning and as I -- this is pretty powerful, this letter, of Devin Nunes, the House Intelligence Committee chair. He's basically confirming what others, what I suspect for a long time, that the Hillary Clinton bought and paid for dossier was used in part during an election season to get a FISA warrant to spy on an opposition party and then an incoming president. None of it was verified.
If that happened, and we find out that happens, what would that mean to you?
Where's the lawsuit?
Maybe it will be Hannity and company that has to file the lawsuit to get the information.
The really dangerous thing here -- and I'm making a very strong distinction because I have such great respect for the FBI and the DOJ and intelligence -- but the powerful tools of intelligence we now have to get is and al Qaeda and enemies of this country, if we turn it and politicize it and spy on opposition party candidates, and use that information to destroy people, we've lost the country, Mr. Speaker. That is so serious that is to me.
You know what's amazing about this is this dossier, the Fusion GPS said in testimony, before the Senate committee, they never verified it, Hillary Clinton never verified it, they are suggesting may try to shop the salacious stories of hookers and the Ritz Carlton and Trump, they were shopping it and coordinating with the Hillary Clinton campaign.
Now, Hillary Clinton clearly fix the primary, she tried to use the dossier to lie to the market people in the general come of that dossier was used to get a warrant against an opposition candidate. We had a year of Trump- Russia collusion and no evidence and the media in this country has ignored, I would argue, the biggest story in their lifetime.
This is bigger than Watergate, it's like Watergate is like stealing a snickers bar for my candy store, drugstore, and comparison. Am I -- Is this hyperbole? Or am I accurate?
what do you make of this massive disconnect? The president has his need of the union address. We have great news. We've got 2.4 million new jobs. We got 2 million fewer people that are on food stamps.
The president gets all this great economic success, people are building factories and manufacturing centers and the taxes are down, Americans are getting a lot more money starting February 1st in their pocket. He is trying to keep the country secure.
You get one reaction from the news media and another reaction even with the CBS poll and the CNN poll, you know, that show something very different. What would you say about that disconnect?
We have that montage and a lot more coming up. Mr. Speaker, thank you.
When we come back some of the memo from the House Intel Committee could be released as early as tomorrow. Sara Carter, Gregg Jarrett, Congressman Matt Gaetz, as we continue. Stay with us.
All right. Joining us now to reaction to tonight's opening monologue, Florida Congressman Matt Gaetz, Fox News contributor Sara Carter, and Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett.
But if it's a document that fuels and intelligence investigation during a political campaign that is unverified, isn't that basically saying in Devin Nunes' statement that the dossier bought and paid for by Hillary was actually used to get a FISA warrant in an election year concern opposition party candidate? I think my reading comprehension is pretty good.
You can confirm my good reading comprehension skills, can you confirm that?
All right. Sara Carter, what we see tonight is so transparent and obvious. Rod Rosenstein wants to look better, he scared to death and Peter Strzok wants to look better. Why is he working at the FBI, that's a mystery to me.
But you have sources tonight ignore breaking new information.
And it names names.
Gregg Jarrett, I'm reading the Devin Nunes memo back in response to the FBI, Rod Rosenstein, remember, within hours, they were looking for the documents for a year. Just hours before the deadline, it was Rosenstein, going, begging, pleading with Paul Ryan, don't release it, the same thing going on about the memo. I assume you have the same reading comprehension skills that I do, and what I'm reading is the dossier was used at least in part to get a FISA warrant to spy opposition party candidate in an election and that dossier was full of the Russian lies paid for by Hillary.
Or unverified but it's false.
Sara Carter, let's talk about the altering of the 302s, because this came up in the McCabe firing. This is beyond serious. Have you reporting on this. Can you share it tonight?
Who they want to alter?
What your saying is assuming we get the memo tomorrow, that means the day after -- and that means next week, and the week after that we're going to find even more abuse than what it is I'm talking about, right?
Was it Rob Rosenstein?
That would mean Rob Rosenstein, the guy that appointed the Special Counsel Mueller could have extended a FISA warrant without asking you to review anything. Let's say that is true, didn't it mean Robert Mueller's investigation was predicated on a false information based on a false FISA warrant?
All right, release the memo. Let the American people see it. Release the supporting documents. Methods, sources, national security, beyond that release it all. All right. Thank you all. When we come back, Dr. Sebastian Gorka, Dan Bongino, they will weighs in on this growing controversy straight ahead.
So the President gave a powerful state of the union address and he praised the nation and called for bipartisanship to pass an American agenda that works for us, works for you. Let's take a look.
All right. Here with reaction former Deputy Assistant to the president, Fox News national security strategy, Dr. Sebastian Gorka. Former secret service agent Dan Bongino. You know so the president takes on -- it brings up the culture wars, in god we trust, the national anthem, we stand for our flag. He also talks about this is a new American moment. This is your time. He talks about the era of economic surrender being over. He talks about energy and about its successes and security and talks about defeating ISIS. Dr. Gorka, I watch a bunch of Democrats sitting on their hands looking angry that things are turned around in just one short year.
I think that is a big part of it. Dan Bongino we talked a little about when we came on later, the lowest level of African American employment in history, same with Hispanic American unemployment, lowest ever. 17 year low for women in the workplace and all these jobs created, all these businesses coming back, all this opportunity in energy that he is opened up. They can't even clap once. It begins to raise the question, do they want us to succeed? Are they unhappy that he is successful, because it makes their last eight years look so bad?
True. And their ideologies fail. Dr. Gorka, I want to go back to the FISA memo and there's talk now of releasing the corresponding documents with it. That might include some redactions. For example, sources, methods, secrets -- so there might be a need for, but I'm in generally in favor of full transparency. Your thoughts.
We have to run. We're a little short on time. Thank you both for being with us. All right. We'll show you the low-light and how disgraceful the left behavior was last night. You won't see this elsewhere in the media, I can tell you that. That is straight ahead.
All right. President Trump address, the left show the country just how low they are willing to go. Their behavior was disgraceful and proved they'll play petty politics at every turn, but watch how the congressional black caucus reacted when President Trump saying that African American unemployment is at an all-time low. Take a look.
One person clapping. Now, unfortunately doesn't stop there and a chant of USA broke out during the speech and Democratic Congressman Luis Gutierrez he abruptly walks out and said he has to prepare for an interview. Watch this.
Well I don't want to recognize the one Democrats Senator Joe Manchin criticizing his Democratic colleagues who doesn't stand for the president at all, but Joe Manchin did vote against repeal and replace and voted against tax cuts for the people of West Virginia, but anyway, take a listen to this.
Joining me the national syndicated radio talk show host he is in the Salem radio network Larry Elder and Fox News correspondent at-large, Geraldo Rivera. Geraldo for the first time in 8 years we're seeing a ground swell, a shift, the economy is roaring back, jobs are coming back, manufacturing's coming back, 2.4 million more people working, 2 million fewer people on food stamps. If you can't clap for the American people on that why are you even there if you're supposed to be a public servant?
Larry.
Tomorrow, Geraldo Rivera we may very well get the memo and that memo may confirm if the Hillary Clinton bought and paid for dossier served as a foundation for a FISA warrant to spy on an opposition candidate and incoming President, if that turns out to be it, what does that mean to you as a constitutional lawyer?
Shame on? Jail time for the process --
Shame nothing. You can't lie to a court. You can't hand an unverified document for a warrant in a Presidential election year. Larry, the final word.
All right. I got to go. When we come back -- thank you both, an incredible video of the day and your comments as you speak out on the Hannity hot line. Straight ahead.
Time for video of the day. Massachusetts Congressman and the grandson of Robert Kennedy delivered the Democratic rebuttal to the State of the Union last night. And to the amusement of many on Twitter, social media, his lips were kind of shining in the spotlight. It looked weird. Here is what Kennedy had to say about the ongoing mystery earlier today.
All right. Mystery solved, giving the rebuttal is always hard. But at least we didn't have to listen to Nancy or Chucky or any of those socialists like Bernie Sanders. All right. Time for the "Hannity" hotline. Time for you to speak out. Let's hear what you have to say.
I am a talk show host, I am an opinion journalist, and I am an advocacy journalist. Sound off 877-225-8587.
Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 101  ***************************************************
 Meaning, if the fix was in, Greg, Comey should go to jail.
Unbelievable. Let me bring in Tom Fitton. Tom, what can you explain? You listen. Judicial Watch has been doing an amazing work. Let's talk about your revelations that you found.
You want to bet they're gone forever? Like everything else the Clintons do, the fix is in. And they destroy, you know, servers, delete, delete, break up. Who breaks up their blackberries except the Clintons? Well, maybe Debbie Wasserman Schultz. I don't know. But, really, who does this unless you are hiding something?
All right. I don't get Jeff Sessions. My patience is fried at this point. I don't know what's going on over there but if we believe in our Constitution, we believe in equal justice under the -- they have got to step up here. And I don't know what it's going to take.
Sara Carter, let me go to you. This is blockbuster. We are talking about the Fourth Amendment, the illegal search and seizure. You have talked to long serving NSA legal officials and others about the FBI's use of this NSA surveillance program? And that in fact, it's being misused specifically, explain.
You know, would you listen to this, all of this as a lawyer and you know, some like we have been on this program with the help of you, John Solomon, Sara Carter, Tom Fitton, there is a small group of us unpeeling layer, layer, layer of this onion.
And I see a big house of cards that is about to come collapsing in because now we are getting to the raw part of this which is there is a deep state, laws are being broken. The things we have been saying about weaponizing the intelligence community and corrupt people at the highest levels.
Bruce Ohr and his -- who did the op research against Trump for Fusion GPS.
You watched as I did the hearings yesterday. We saw a very passionate Trey Gowdy. A very passionate Jim Jordan. And I'm sitting there. And it's everything we have all been unfolding. And I said, this should have sounded familiar because this is what we have been covering. How close do you think we are to now getting to the truth and who is in trouble tonight?
Hillary Clinton should be very, very worried tonight.
Should Huma Abedin be worried?
Cheryl Mills.
Jim Comey?
Robert Mueller?
Is it not clear by now he has an agenda? Rosenstein, is he in trouble?
Andrew McCabe?
Sara, you know all the players. You know all the information, you are covering all of these on many fronts. We haven't even mentioned Uranium One in any detail but that's about to blow up in a big way. Who is in trouble tonight? Who should be worried tonight based on what we now know.
How about Comey? Let's go through the list. Comey.
Hillary Clinton?
Cheryl Mills?
Huma?
Anyone else can you think of?
Tom, do you agree with all of that?
It is all good information.
Exit question.
You did. Okay. Exit question, yes or no question. Bigger than Watergate?
Sara?
Sara?
Yes or no.
I say Watergate on steroids. Human growth hormone overdoses. Thank you both. This is serious. All right. You don't want to miss one minute of tonight's show. When we come back, we will going to get Newt Gingrich's reaction to all of this breaking news. That's straight ahead.
All right. Welcome back to "Hannity." Joining us now with more reaction to this exclusive new document that Fox News obtained just a couple of hours ago regarding James Comey's exoneration statement about the Clinton server investigation. He is the author of the best-selling book "vengeance." Former speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich.
Okay, this is May, Mr. Speaker. He hadn't interviewed Hillary Clinton or at least 17 others key to the investigation. The fix is in. I don't know any other way to interpret it if you're writing an exoneration before an investigation.
Well, the fix was in there too.
When you talk about the Clintons, the fix was in there too we now know. We know the fix was in.
Mr. Speaker, I want to get into the specifics of this. This is very profound. Because on a level far deeper than Watergate ever was here, there is corruption at the highest levels. This is no longer paranoia. It's provable fact that the fix was in here. You have James Comey. Then you have the pro-Hillary, anti-Trump, Peter Strzok and then his girlfriend Lisa Page, yeah, they are the ones going to save America with what they are doing, but this exoneration of Hillary Clinton, when you take out the word likely foreign actors were able to access her email account, to cover up a foreign a national security breach in this country, then when you take the actual legal language gross negligence and remove that and put in and try to be cute and put in extreme carelessness, I don't even know what to say. I mean, there is -- wouldn't you define this as obstruction? Sorry.
The rule of law in jeopardy. Do we have a dual justice system? More with Newt Gingrich right after this.
Welcome back to Hannity. We have more reaction to this blockbuster news about James Comey and a May 2nd exoneration of Hillary before the investigation was even complete. Let me just stay on what he is exonerating here. Because we know the mishandling of classified top secret, special access programming information, we know that was on that server and a mom and pop shop bathroom, closet by the way. We know that she destroyed such information. We know that she lied when she said she didn't have this information on there.
That she didn't send a receipt. That is been debunked. Then you have the whole thing about deleting 33,000 subpoenaed emails. Then you have the acid wash and the use of bleach bit, most Americans had never heard of it before. Then you have an aide busting up devices, blackberries and the like with hammers and the only thing they turn over to the FBI in terms of a device is one without a sim card, rendering it useless for the FBI. Now, that sounds to me. It is obvious that laws were broken here. And that we now know five foreign agencies tapped into that particular server that compromised national security. So, does that mean now the fix is in with Comey and Strzok? We have to go back and do it all over again?
That would be with the Obama administration?
I always thought that it was a mistake that Jeff Sessions recused himself here and you have got Rod Rosenstein.
I agree with you. Didn't recuse himself on uranium one and the dossier. That came up later too.
I don't think I could say it any better. It's serious. We will stay on it. Interesting. Isn't it sad, probably the biggest news story in our lifetime politically and the news media in this country has basically ignored it and has -- they have been co-opted by a phony narrative and that they spreading lies and fake news for a year. And being caught regularly at it. Last word.
Chilling, Mr. Speaker, we will stay on it, I promise. This is a huge story. Up next the liberal media is doing everything in their power to cover up the anti-Trump bias that is within Robert Mueller the special counsel's team. We will show you one of the worst examples yet. We will do the media's job. Glad you are with us on Hannity.
Welcome back to Hannity. So earlier today, liberal Joe over conspiracy TV MSNBC took a vicious nasty personal shot at freedom caucus member Ohio Congressman Jim Jordan. First Scarborough went after Jordan for not wearing a suit coat during yesterday's hearing with Rod Rosenstein. I didn't know Joe was that stuffy and fashion oriented. And then Joe attacked Jordan for simply trying to get to the truth and get answers on the possible bias in the Mueller probe. Take a look.
Poor liberal Joe sold his soul to work at conspiracy TV. Here with reaction, former Secret Service Agent Dan Bongino, Fox News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera. Fox News contributor Jessica Tarlov and I want to start with you Geraldo and put your legal hat on. This Comey news tonight proves what we have been saying the fix was in, when you read what Comey was writing in early May, before he even talked to Hillary and key people in that email server investigation, isn't that obstruction?
Of course it did.
It is core corruption. At its core like the fix was in. Poor Bernie never had a shot. We now know the Clintons fixed everything. Poor Bernie. I feel sorry for Bernie people. They voted for nothing. You donated for nothing. The fix was in.
Actually you can.
So what is your take, Dan? I want to be clear, Dan Bongino, because - I want to be clear, I love the FBI. I love law enforcement. I love our intelligence community, but at the top, we have got deep corruption.
What did you think of the Comey letter from May 2nd or exoneration before investigation? Geraldo is being gracious and generous tonight.
Jessica, he is in the Christmas spirit.
It's happy Hanukkah everybody.
Seriously that is smoking gun. Peter Strzok and Comey had the fix in and it shouldn't surprise anybody.
Equal justifiable under the law. I know you believe that.
One second, Jessica, sorry. Do you see a real clear present danger to equal justice under the law? I do.
The Clintons got away with crimes.
Ding, ding. Right on point.
Yes, yes, yes.
Yes.
Let Dan respond. Dan and Geraldo.
I said to Geraldo I don't want to be.
Wait a minute. Hillary bought and paid for Russian lies, salacious dossier to influence the American people. We know that as a fact counselor, my friend.
Do we wants equal justice under the law?
We will never have it we have a dual justice system. It's dangerous. More Hannity right after this break. By the way details, major news, tick tock about tomorrow. Stay with us.
Welcome back to Hannity. Unfortunately that is all the time we have left. As always, thank you for being with us. Please set your DVR so you never miss an episode of "Hannity." I want to remind you, you do not want to miss our show tomorrow night. Our sources are telling us tomorrow is going to be a big breaking news day. Let not your heart be troubled. News continues, Laura is next. We will see you back here for an important breaking news Friday night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 102  ***************************************************
 
show#: 103  ***************************************************
 All right. Tonight, we start with the bombshell development about former deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe. Fox News tonight reporting that the Attorney General Jeff Sessions is reviewing a recommendation from the FBI's Office of Professional Responsibility to give McCabe the ax. And sources are telling Fox News that firing McCabe before Friday -- get this -- would mean he would lose his taxpayer-funded pension. He's set to retire on Sunday, something explosive has gone on here.
This new development is raising speculation that the DOJ's inspector general's report about the FBI's phony Clinton email investigation where the fix was in, that that could be released soon.
And Fox News has learned that the inspector general's investigation has discovered that McCabe was not forthcoming about his approval for an FBI official to talk to reporters about the bureau's investigation into the Clinton Foundation. And according to reports, this scandal is what forced McCabe to be removed from that position and placed on leave.
And according to a 'Wall Street Journal' report from earlier this year, McCabe waited an entire month to inform Congress, remember those thousands of Huma Abedin emails that were found on Anthony Weiner's laptop? Why would he wait?
Then, of course, there was the text message from the Trump-hating FBI lovers Peter Stark and Lisa Page, remember, they mentioned talking to Andy? We think that's Andrew McCabe about that insurance policy, God forbid if Donald Trump won the election.
And by the way, you have McCabe's wife Jill, she took over $700,000 of political contributions from Hillary Clinton's ally Terry McAuliffe and another Democratic group for a failed Virginia State Senate run, an obscene amount of money. So, when it comes to firing Andrew McCabe, the Attorney General Jeff Sessions should not be contemplating a decision here, because the answer is obvious and the facts are staring Sessions right in the face.
McCabe is corrupt and he's as crooked as they come. He's one of those deep state actors that we've been telling you about and he needs to be held accountable. And firing McCabe, by the way, should only be a start. We know for a fact James Comey, Peter Strzok, Lisa Page, other top officials put the fix in and they ignored overwhelming, incontrovertible evidence that Hillary Clinton in fact committed multiple felonies.
Clinton should have been prosecuted. She never should have made it to November of 2016. It was an open and shut case. The evidence was all there, it didn't happen, the fix was in, it was rigged.
And that's why McCabe, Comey, Strzok, Page, and all the other top FBI officials that played a hand in the sham of an investigation into Clinton, they should be terrified tonight about those DOJ inspector general report that we expect to come out any day now. Criminal referrals should also be made to the DOJ and if you believe an equal justice under the law, all of these deep state officials, they all need to be prosecuted.
All right. Also brand-new tonight, liberal hypocrisy reaches a stunning new level. Take a look at this video. There he is areas, socialists Senator Bernie Sanders working his way through an anti-Second Amendment rally on the steps of the U.S. Capitol. But notice, oh, he is surrounded by armed security guys.
Bernie Sanders was not alone. We have other gun-grabbing liberal politicians, they all showed up to speak out against your Second Amendment right to bear arms and also predictably attack the NRA. Take a look.
Unbelievable.
And then there's the anti-Second Amendment crusader, New York Governor Andrew Cuomo who actually participated in a die-in a in a protest in New York City. Take a look.
He has tons of security also. Just shameless hypocrites. They stand in front of crowds of people, no fear about their own personal safety because they are surrounded by armed security, but they would deny those same protections to America's school children. Does that make any sense?
By the way, here's a quick question. If being protected by armed police officers is good for these politicians, shouldn't it be good for our children and America's schools? Pretty simple answer, right?
Anyway, have you noticed that congressional Democrats, they are always the champions of gun free zones except places where they work? There's tons of security at the Capitol, and the same goes for Hollywood liberals. Those pompous award ceremonies have more security than Fort Knox, but in their minds, it's outrageous for schools to take the same precaution that they have.
You want to protect America's schools and our kids, the solutions are obvious. I have highlighted them on this show. You need comprehensive threat security assessments, you need controlled points of entry, you need to secure the perimeters, you need school IDs, metal detectors, and, yes, concealed carry, armed, highly trained, retired former police and military.
By the way, the House to take a step forward today. They overwhelmingly passed a school safety bill that awards grant money to states to help train teachers and students and law enforcement officials to stop the violence in schools. It's a good start, but it's not good enough. America's schools, our kids deserve the same security that liberals demand for themselves.
Also tonight, the acting director of ICE slamming Nancy Pelosi for daring, if you can believe, to call federal immigration authorities that risk their lives every single day to keep this country safe, Nancy called them cowardly. Watch this.
So, liberals like Nancy Pelosi, they are making it clear they have no problem putting American lives in danger to protect criminal illegal immigrants. I'm not talking about DACA. I'm not talking about Dreamers or people that benefited from the chain migration or the visa lottery. But these liberals like the Oakland, California mayor, liberal -- what's her name? Libby Schaaf, their aiding and abetting criminal illegal immigrants, those who have caused real harm to real American citizens and real American families.
So, it's hard to imagine how anyone could defend doing this, but, of course, the left is and we watch it every day. And that's why you have Angel parents. Those are people whose children were killed by illegal immigrants. They are now rightly demanding that Mayor Schaaf face prosecution for obstruction of justice, protecting criminals, aiding and abetting, people that shouldn't be in the country in the first place and then commit other crimes.
Liberals like to pretend that illegal immigrants don't commit crimes, but they're lying when they say that. And sadly, these angel parents are needlessly suffering all because of this. It's a national disgrace, it can be stopped and if it happens again, those people protecting them, they are the ones to blame.
Also tonight, liberals are channeling their rage to attack a brand-new target. See the woman on the screen there. Democrats are now threatening to block the nomination of Gina Haspel to be the first female CIA director. Here is why: Haspel played a very key role in overseeing the enhanced interrogation techniques that were used at CIA black sites against top-level Al Qaeda terrorists.
Of course, this was after 9/11, 3,000 Americans were killed. And the left can feign all the moral outrage they want, play all the politics they want, but facts are not on their side. The CIA, other top officials, like Leon Panetta who worked in the Obama administration, have said, and we'll show you this later tonight, that enhanced interrogation techniques, they worked.
And it led to finding and killing Osama bin Laden. Without them, he probably still be alive today. People like Haspel literally saved American lives. In that sense, she's a patriot. Democrats should not put partisan, petty politics ahead of your national security.
Of course, we would have preferred not to have been attacked on 9/11 but sadly, we all know, evil does exist. Evil must be defeated. Radical Islamists came here.
Finally, tonight, I have a message to congressional Republicans after last night's special election in the 18th district of Pennsylvania. GOP members of Congress, take a good long look in the mirror because that could be your future. And if it happens, you'll have nobody to blame but yourselves.
You can't put aside the fact that this was an interesting case because the Democrat, Conor Lamb -- well, he pretended to be pro-life, pro-Second Amendment, and even pro-Trump and anti-Pelosi, so he was kind of acting like a Republican. He's quickly going to fall in line with whatever Nancy Pelosi tells him to do, watch and see.
But what happened last night should serve as a warning to all Republicans. You want to be successful in 2018? There's a simple solution. Keep all the promises you make in campaign years. It's really that simple. That's the best politics.
Make the country safer. Give us a great economy. Go back to your district. Look your voters in the eye and tell them that you did what you said you were going to do.
You've already passed tax cuts. Check, good job. But you also promised to repeal and replace ObamaCare and you also, most of you, promised to build the wall. So, now is your opportunity. It's March. You have until November to follow through, show some backbone, show some vision, mean what you say, say what you mean, finish the job and ObamaCare, and start building the wall.
If you do that, my guess is -- we've been at this 30 years -- the voters are going to reward you. If you don't do it, they probably won't.
All right. A lot of news tonight. We'll get to all of it.
Joining us now with reaction, FOX News contributor Sara Carter, Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett.
All right. I want us to go back. I want to start with the Andrew McCabe. As of Sunday, he would receive a government pension for the rest of his life. Now, if he is fired before Sunday --
-- that pension is gone.
All right. Sara Carter, let's go to you.
What else do we hear -- but it's not just McCabe. McCabe, then you got the text messages between the lovebirds, Lisa Page in Peter Strzok. What do we know about that? What do we -- how does Loretta Lynch get away with this and where is Jim Comey? Because Comey along with others but the fix then.
Even though he said he didn't make his mind until he interviewed -- or really Peter Strzok interviewed Hillary Clinton, but they were writing the exoneration months earlier. Where's Comey in all of this as he prepares for his big book tour?
Hasn't this been going on for 14 months? And I was told there are 500-plus people, many former prosecutors, many lawyers that have been working on this?
Where do you see this going, Gregg? And what do you see -- who is in legal jeopardy here?
Here's -- so we have the report from the House Intel Committee. No evidence of Trump-Russia collusion. I have read it on the air multiple times. No evidence.
But in the process of investigating this, what have we learned? Well, we learned the fix was in on Hillary Clinton and we have evidence to prove it. We know the people involved in it. We didn't mention Loretta Lynch either. Then we also find out after a year that it was Hillary and the DNC that she could draw controlled financially that are responsible for paying for this phony Russian dossier.
What about these reports, Sara, what are you hearing? That possible Trump administration changes of McMaster, and at the V.A. and at the chief of staff, and the attorney general?
Go ahead.
But politically speaking, won't the country explode of Jeff Sessions is out? I mean, look, I understand the president's frustration about the recusal. I don't believe Jeff Sessions should -- if he knew he was going to recuse himself, he never should have taken the position because without that recusal, none of this happens.
What a political --
I remember you said that.
That's correct.
What about the political fallout before -- we have to move on here in a second. What about the political fallout, Sara, if he did that?
But what about what we're learning, there is -- in Arkansas, a Clinton Foundation investigation.
We learned he recused himself from Uranium One. We are told that he believes the process is I.G., DOJ, then special counsel. You don't buy it?
That's scary actually.
Well, that would be the first step. But we need the special counsel. At this point, what happened with the FISA abuses, everything else. You guys have been great. Thank you both.
President Trump only moments ago arrived at the White House following his visit to St. Louis.
Another major story we are following tonight. Almost immediately after president announced he was nominating Gina Haspel to be the first woman to run the CIA, well, some people in the left, in the media, were just waiting to attack and wait until you hear the reason why. Take a look at this.
Typical left-wing attacks about Haspel.
Now, Jose Rodriguez, remember him? He is the former head of the CIA National Clandestine Service. He prays to the intelligence that was gained from these black sites, like the one that Haspel ran.
Here is what Rodriguez told me in 2014. This is crucial.
Led to the destruction of the organization. Without interrogation techniques, there is no getting Osama bin Laden.
She saved American lives. I wish the world wasn't evil. Sadly, the world is evil.
Here with reaction, former deputy assistant to the president, FOX News national security strategist, Sebastian Gorka, FOX News chief national correspondent Ed Henry.
By the way, what -- Ed, this is like a full-time gig. You are replacing Shannon Bream? What's up with that?
All right. Let start with the news. This is woman -- as I see it -- are they going to oppose the first woman ever nominated to be the CIA director -- and they are saying she is too tough on terror? She's too tough on terrorists? That saved American lives?
Jose Rodriguez witnessed the waterboarding and he knows the information extracted.
And Jose Rodriguez was -- couldn't be more clear to me, Dr. Gorka, if they didn't use these techniques against KSM that led to the courier, that led to bin Laden, that led to us killing bin Laden. Now, I wish the world wasn't full of evil radical Islamic terrorists that think they are doing god's will by killing innocent people, but they killed 3,000 Americans, Dr. Gorka.
She, to me, is a hero.
Dr. Gorka, think of the mindset. Bill Clinton, $3 billion, energy to North Korea, and this is a good deal for the American people, they're not going to get nukes. And they got nukes.
It's -- I can't even comprehend how stupid that is.
Ed Henry, other news in Washington tonight?
What a display to watch the politicians with their armed guards showing solidarity for students, wanting to get rid of weapons.
All right. Thank you both. Great report.
Now, when we come back, yes, he's back, the great one, Mark Levin, who's going to weigh in on shiftless Adam Schiff, straight ahead.
Now, the GOP and the House Intel Investigation Committee that intel investigation is over. It concluded there is zero evidence of Trump-Russia collusion, after 14 months. That is not stopping Democratic, well, hack Congressman Adam Schiff from continuing to push his ever-changing narrative, trying to desperately prove that this Trump-Russia collusion, after 14 long months, and even he admitted, two weeks ago, no evidence. Take a look.
It's 14 months, what is it? All right. Here with the answer, the host of CRTV -- TV's Levin TV, and the host of the number one show, three weekends in a row, in his time slot, very proud of my buddy, the great one, Mark Levin. Thank me. How am I? Look, this guy has been lying to this country for well over a year, Mark, 14 -- Meghan McCain destroyed him.
Your thoughts?
Let me ask you this.
He lied.
Let me.
I couldn't say it any better. Now, the next logical point. I want to ask you about Robert Mueller. You're right on every point you just made. The fix was in in the primary, that's Democrats. They can deal with their own party. The fix we know was in -- on the Clinton email investigation, we'll learn more in the I.G. report.
She tried to fix the general election, they paid for Russian and Russian government lies and propaganda. Then you mentioned the FISA court issue, they lied to FISA judges, and all that you just said. Why is it they -- Robert Mueller hasn't lifted a finger to go into any of these issues? None of those people have been brought in. And what does it say about our justice system?
You got about a minute.
I've.
You're right.
Inspector Clouseau, best line of the night. Great one, good to see you, my friend. Sunday nights, Life, Liberty, the great one, Levin, congrats, number one on the ratings, three weekends in a row.
When we come back, Democrats, are they finally over Hillary Clinton? Jesse Watters and Jessica Tarlov. We'll find out whose world it is, straight ahead. You get to vote.
All right. Over the weekend, Hillary Clinton bashed millions of us, irredeemable deplorables, during a speech abroad. This is what she thinks of people in America. This is just so impressive.
And it's not just Republicans taking issue with her despicable remarks. According to a report on the Hill, many Democrats are now calling Clinton's continued remarks harmful to the party. Joining us now, the host -- cohost of The Five and the host of Watters' World, Jessie Watters, it his world we live in it.
Although -- yes, or -- and Jessica Tarlov. All right do it together, ready? All right. Isn't it beautiful?
All right. These bitter people that cling to their God, guns, Bibles, religion, irredeemable deplorables, oh, and the only -- and women in the United States, they voted the way their husbands, sons, and bosses told them to vote and they're racist.
Yes, just the white women. Sorry they listen to their boss's, husbands, and sons. What century is this woman living in?
Wait a minute. I think, it's going to be Jessica's world tonight. We can't beat that.
He needs it.
I want to hear more.
I know.
Do you believe women -- that white women in America vote, because their husbands, bosses, and sons tell them how to vote, Jessie?
By the way, did you vote for that woman, for president?
Even after that?
I'm a little bit worried. I was worried. I'm serious now I mean, I saw her flip, fall.
Slip and fall, no, I am serious.
And look what happen, you know, at the Trade Center.
More than half the country.
Do you think Jesse is an irredeemable deplorable? Look at him in the eye.
Let us talk about Farrakhan.
Can I ask you a question? Do you think maybe it has something to do with she can't accept she got crushed in the election?
It is pretty many?
She could have lost (inaudible) to?
We really are.
You put out Farrakhan.
Last minute comeback by Watters.
The Democrats a win, he did have to be pro-life, pro-Lamb, anti- Pelosi and pro- Trump.
All right. I've got to go. Hang on, hang on.
It's his world.
Katy Perry under fire for kissing a contestant. I have a message for Katie.
All right. So American Idol co-host Katy Perry is facing backlash. She gave a 19-year-old contestant his first kiss during an audition at the show and has caused outrage. Everyone is outraged. Take a look.
You know what -- at the segment airs the -- the contestant said that the kiss was uncomfortable. Stop! Stop! Everybody calm down. It looked -- listen, it was charming. It seemed very nice, fun, and innocent. Please stop with the faint outrage. Time for the Hannity Hotline. I'm not going to get outraged.
Really? Women in America, they voted for Trump, because their husbands, sons, and bosses told them what to do. That is insanity. Have something to say, nice, mean, we don't really care, and don't faint outrage, 8772258587, before we go, my film, Let There Be Light available DVD at Walmart, Amazon.com, hannity.com. Follow me on Instagram.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 104  ***************************************************
 It is so taken out of context. Now, President Trump is firing back against the congresswoman's claims. Watch this.
Now, Congresswoman Wilson's attacks against the president are not a surprise. She's been vicious from day one against President Trump, going after him for months. We will have more on that in a minute -- which the media won't tell you.
But first, let's assume for a second, let's assume that may be the president was slightly inarticulate and his offering of condolences to the sergeant's widow. Let's assume for just a second. Isn't what the president saying here, that anybody who signs up for the military, they know the danger, they are courageous, they are heroes. Every brave American who signs up to defend their country does so knowing those dangers, knowing they may end up making the ultimate sacrifice?
Isn't that why we honor military members? Because they put their lives on the line for us every single day in America? And they don't ask for a whole lot in return? Isn't that part of the equation?
Sergeant Johnson, to his family, our thoughts and prayers are with you. He's a hero. Everybody in this country should honor him for his service.
And by the way, you have to be a really sick, twisted, ugly person that puts politics first -- which most of the media today -- to think that the president got up out of bed, purposely got on the phone and wanted to hurt this family after what happened to them. That's what you would have to believe to believe this story.
Look, I don't really think the president got on the phone to hurt this slain soldier's family. He was being thoughtful, he was trying to comfort them. And by the way, the White House has witnesses, they say the context to the phone call is what is important. By the way -- and the congresswoman, what she said? Well, it is only part of what the president said.
Now, there's also a big question that we all need answered in all of this. Is Congresswoman Wilson trying to exploit a tragedy here and by the way, use the tragedy as an opportunity to attack the president? Because it appears she is.
She has hated the president from day one. No one else is telling you that in the media. This is not the first time the Congresswoman has attacked the president personally. Back in May, she was already predicting President Trump's impeachment saying, quote, "He doesn't realize that he is on the brink of impeachment and people will begin to call for him to be impeached and the Republicans will have to join in because they need to be on the right side of history."
And in August, Wilson proved she was no fan of President Trump. She tweeted, quote, well, "If you support racist, you are racist, @realDonaldTrump supports racist because he is a racist." That is what she says about our president.
In June, she tweeted. "If @realDonaldTrump was a student at a school I served as a principal and behave so cruelly, he would be expelled."
Back in March, she was pushing the rush of collusion conspiracy theories. And finally in June, a reaction to James Comey's testimony, she put out a statement saying, quote, "Well, Comey described is impeachment of justice 101. If all I heard is true and corroborated by his former colleagues in the investigation, I believe there is no question President Trump will be impeached."
This is the woman that is leading this cause against the president who called a widow, in one of worst moments in her life, her sad -- the sad loss of her child. And of course, following right behind the congresswoman, we have all the sheep in the lapdog media, piling on the president, assuming the worst in President Trump, assuming that the Trump hating congresswoman is correct. They run of course only one side of the story. Watch this, as usual.
Every one of them are phony hypocrites. Do you know why? Where was the media outrage when it was revealed that then-President Obama, he didn't even call one of his own generals. Now, President Trump's chief-of- staff General Kelly -- when his own son was killed in Afghanistan in 2010, did you hear anything from any of those people in the media back then? I tend to doubt it.
And there is also a 2010 report from a local Washington paper that says when a Gold Star parent called the White House to talk to President Obama, he was told Obama didn't typically make those kinds of calls. No wonder.
According to a new Politico poll, 46 percent of the American people think you in the media make up stories about the president. Do you know why they think it? Because it's true, you do. And of course, it's selective moral outrage once again.
Now, in a few minutes tonight, you're going to meet a Gold Star mom, Karen Vaughn. She begged President Obama to not bring cameras when her son was being brought home in a coffin. And President Obama did it anyway.
So, I'm sick of everyone in the media, all their feigned outrage, all these lawmakers that hate President Trump and making their living off hating President Trump like Congresswoman Wilson.
I am sorry, this is shocking that the attorney general is refusing to flat out say Rod Rosenstein needs to recuse himself if the DOJ opens an investigation into this Russia bribery scandal.
Sessions was also asked about having the FBI, having evidence that Russians kicked back money to the Clinton Foundation. He refused to comment on that publicly.
Now, we've been saying this for months. If the attorney general believes in equal justice under the law, he needs to investigate the Clintons because there's overwhelming, incontrovertible criminal evidence against them. They should not get a free pass just because they have money, name, power, and influence. That's not how our system of justice is supposed to work.
Joining us now, Gold Star mom Karen Vaughn. I've known you for many, many years. You're the mother of Aaron Vaughn. He was one of 30 servicemen. He died, he was part of Extortion 17. You met President Trump. You also, when your son's body was being brought back, you have a story to tell. Was President Trump empathetic to you? Did he show empathy for you?
What, you at the time in the families, this was at the time happening in Afghanistan in August of 2011. And it was the largest loss of military life in a single day. You and the families then asked President Obama -- he said he was welcome to come when the bodies were being received but you did have a request. The families had a request. What was it?
So, President Obama did not honor your request which is a little unbelievable to me. He also did not call some families which we discovered, too. And then we learned in the case even his own general, when General Kelly lost his son -- I don't want to drag into the politics of this but you did meet President Trump. And then you hear that General Kelly wasn't called. And then you see one of the biggest Trump haters attacking the President on this very issue that touches your family so deeply. My question to you is, do you sense this is being politicized and your reaction to it?
It's sad and the media, they just on board. And they don't put in context how much this congresswoman hates the President. Karen, I've got to know you. Love you. You are my thoughts and prayers always. Thank you for being with us.
Joining us now, Circa News' Sara Carter. From The Hill, John Solomon, Attorney Victoria Toensing. She is representing that FBI informant at the center of this latest Clinton Foundation scandal. I will start with you, Victoria. This is your client. He wanted to tell Congress about all the bribery, all of the scheming, all of the kickbacks, all the corruption. He had the information, he wanted to tell the story. What happened?
Wow! So, they have the power to lift that NDA. That would be amazing. So, we've got Sara, bribery kicks back, extortion, money laundering and Vladimir Putin gets 20 percent of our uranium. All this money gets kicked back. I'm always a big believer, follow the money.
Sara Carter: Yes.
Vladimir Putin was up to his eyeballs infiltrating. This is a real national security issue. Getting our uranium was his goal.
John, you broke this forward. This is important about the informant. And if Senator Grassley is going to allow this informant to talk in the Justice Department, who would have to sign off specifically? So, Victoria is being a great attorney. And I'd known him for many years. And I would hire her myself in a second. Who would have to sign off on this? It would have to be the Justice Department, right?
Where did the money come from? Because you talked about money laundering. Where did the money that got into the Clinton Foundation come from?
Is it possible though this is a real Russia collusion, influence, peddling, bribery, extortion kickbacks scam now? Now the question is, who needs to get on this? Victoria, last word.
Good point.
Well, very good point. All right. Any breaking news tomorrow, guys? Sara, John?
Stay tuned. All right. I know what stay tuned means in your world. Thank you. We will see you tomorrow then. We will get to the truth. The media is ignoring it. This is too important.
This is going to be uncovered as one of the biggest scandals watched. When we come back, more reactions to Democrats. The media politicizing the death of a soldier to attack President Trump and much more, straight ahead.
As we continue on "Hannity," joining me now with more reaction to the left's latest attack on the President. America First Action spokesperson and senior advisor, former Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke. And the author of "Drone Warrior," may be soon to be a movie. U.S. Army veteran Brett Velicovich is with us.
Sheriff, you know, when you say about somebody that signs up, everybody that signed on to the military knows their life is that risk and they do it anyway. And then the President goes on to say and when something horrible happens, your worst fears, it hurts. Did he say anything wrong in that? Is this being politicized?
And you have one of the biggest Trump haters leading the pack. I watch this and the media runs with it. It just disgusts me.
And sheriff, listen, I will be the first to admit, a lot of us in the media are overpaid brats. So, I put up 14 grand. You can donate tax- free to the family. And I am asking, all these spoiled brats that are politicizing it in the news media, put your money where your mouth is. Donate to this woman and this family and this child will be joining this world soon. How about that?
Last word, Brett.
They get a double whack because the media is covering it. They don't have to do this, but they didn't do it. They deserve more respect. Respect them. Donate to the family.
All right, thank you. When we come back, NFL commissioner Roger Goodell, high-stakes news conference, he blew it today. Move the league put in and to players kneeling during the national anthem? We will find out, also tonight. I will be in the studio tomorrow. There's a reason and we will explain.
I thought it was the president last night talking about respecting the flag. Sadly, the national anthem controversy in the NFL doesn't seem to be going away anytime soon. Here's what the commissioner of the NFL, Roger Goodell said in a news conference earlier today, after meeting with the owners and players. It's pretty sad. Watch this.
Meanwhile and looks like professional athletes and their obsession with social justice in the workplace is now spreading to the NBA, on the opening night of the season, the Cleveland Cavaliers locked arms during the anthem and Lebron James even wore were sneakers with the word "equality" written on them. Joining us now is radio talk show, National Syndicate Larry Elder and Civil rights Attorney Daryl Parks. I thought it Roger Goodell wimped out today. This is the same NFL, Larry we've been discussing. You can't honor slain police in Dallas after the tragedy last year. On the 15th anniversary of 9/11, you can't put the date on your cleats and say never forget. Why is the NFL and other sports defying what the American people are saying loudly that they don't want, politicizing sports this way?
Daryl, what is your reaction? Go ahead Larry, finished.
I want you to respond to what Larry just said.
We are going to leave it there. When we come back. We have a famous celebrity icon speaking out, how she was sexually harassed as a teenager. Another person talking about pedophilia in Hollywood. We won't be in New York tomorrow. We have a big announcement, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity" there is more explosive fallout from the Harvey Weinstein scandal tonight. It seems like every single minute of every day we are learning more and more about how disturbing the casting couch culture is in Hollywood. How everybody knew and no one did a thing to stop it. Actress Molly Ringwald, famous for her roles in movies like "The Breakfast Club" and "Pretty in Pink," well she made an essay in the New Yorker, what she describes being sexually assaulted by a director, she was only 14 years old and it doesn't stop there.
Celebrity icon Martha Stewart has now come forward saying she was sexually harassed working as a model at age 16. Also, we mentioned last night, deadline, senior editor Dominic Patten is now reporting that the Los Angeles City attorney is now going to prosecute Harvey Weinstein if, in fact, victims come forward and he joins us now with more. What can you tell us about this?
You have investigations in New York and maybe L.A. and the United Kingdom. I've been reading the Harvey Weinstein, if they prosecute, can be looking at 25 years in jail?
All right thank you, Dominic. We appreciate it. This is the tip of the iceberg. Listen to Corey Feldman talk about pedophilia in Hollywood. He talked about it on "Nightline" and on "The View" with Barbara Walters. Watch this.
Joining us now with a reaction, author of a brand new book "Through Your Eyes: My Child's Gift to Me" she of course well known as cohost of the number one morning show, "Fox & Friends," Ainsley Earhardt. This is your second in a series.
You always have the best illustration. We have a really cute picture of your daughter on the back which is awesome. You have a young daughter, all these young girls and now he is talking about pedophilia. Everybody is coming out. It's like almost everyone. The media knew about it and they spiked this story on Weinstein. Hollywood knew about it.
It goes into your book nicely. I know this is the second in a series for you. It's the thing we find irritating. Cutting the lawn, rain, snow, when you do look at life and when you slow down, and you see it through your kid's eyes -- it's a beautiful thing. Then you juxtapose it to the evil in this world.
I will send three dogs over for your daughter. I am going to bring them over.
It echoes through all of that. All of what they see that we take for granted. The rain, sun, snow, stars. At the beautiful park and animals.
One last question. It's related to both issues, I think. I would get off the school bus, my parents had no clue where I was. I knew where my kids every minute of every day.
It is funny, because met your father yesterday because you were on the radio show, and he said the same thing. You didn't have the restrictions you put on your daughter, because of all of this evil. It's sad, isn't it?
This is a great book. The illustrations are phenomenal.
You are doing a book signing tomorrow customer
And on the back is a picture of you and your daughter.
Okay, there we go.
Thank for being with us. Congrats on being number one in the morning.
Best show on cable. No doubt. When we come back, we have an exciting announcement. We are not going to be in this studio tomorrow and there's a really good reason why. We will tell you about it, next.
Welcome back to "Hannity," actor Kirk Cameron is returning to the big screen, but not in the Hollywood film instead he is hosting his faith- based event, it's called "Revive Us 2", which is in theaters nationwide. You can go see it October 24th, watch this.
Here in studio, actor and founder of "Revive Us 2", the one and only Kirk Cameron. I am not going to mention names, but there are people here that say he was my childhood crush. Which made me laugh. I know you do these events and get hundreds of thousands of people, it's called a fathom event, right?
They are in their theaters, it's October 24th. They buy tickets like they are going to a movie. Where are you?
Hundreds of thousands of people -- listen, I really believe everything about the bible and I believe the whole thing. I'm a bigger center than you and I don't go to church regularly.
How did you survive Hollywood? You are like, normal.
You're going to be on my radio show tomorrow. We will have more time. Where do people buy tickets? I want people to go.
Reviveus.com, that simple.
All right. Great to see you again. That is all the time we have left. Tomorrow night I'm not going to be in this chair. We are going to Las Vegas for a very special reason. But I can't tell you now. We will tell you tomorrow, from Vegas. Thanks for being with us.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 105  ***************************************************
 All right, this is incredibly explosive news. But very important questions remain tonight, including one I've been asking from the very beginning. What did the Obama administration know ? What did Obama know? When did they know it? Newt Gingrich and Circa News's Sara Carter will react in just a few minutes.
But now we also turn our attention tonight to a big developing story. As of this moment, the GOP's legislation to repeal and replace ObamaCare scheduled for a vote tomorrow does not have the number of votes needed to pass on that crucial vote.
Now, with desperation now sitting in, what can the GOP do to salvage the bill? Well, tonight, White House sources are telling us and the Fox News Channel that the administration is now close to a deal, and Freedom Caucus chairman Mark Meadows confirmed to me and said that they're not there yet, but he's extremely optimistic. He will join us later in the program. Also Freedom Caucus member Congressman Dave Brat.
And finally, we turn our attention to our top story tonight, once again terror, this time in London. Earlier today, the suspect, who police say was motivated by terrorism overseas, used a vehicle to mow down pedestrians on the Westminster Bridge in London. After he exited the car, the suspect fatally stabbed a police officer outside of Parliament before being shot dead by police.
Now, here's how this horrific terrorist attack unfolded earlier today. Take a look.
Now, in total, the suspect killed four and injured 40. Sadly, today's attack in London is all too familiar for the people of Europe. Now, in November of 2015, radical Islamists launched a series of attacks in Paris targeting a stadium, a cafe and a concert hall. There 130 people were slaughtered, hundreds of others wounded.
And one year ago this very day, Islamic extremists set off explosions at the airport and at a metro station in Brussels, killing 34 innocent travelers, including in that case four Americans.
In July, the city of Nice, France, was devastated by a truck attack. Now, that attack killed 84 people and injuring more than 200. And a few weeks later in Normandy, two men took hostages in a local church. They slit the throat of a priest all in the name of ISIS.
And just days before Christmas in Berlin, Germany, an Islamist plowed a truck into a crowded Christmas market, killing 12, injuring almost 50.
Now, this wave of attacks comes as Europe is now facing an ever-increasing problem of Islamization. For example, 2009 study showed that London alone was home to over 80 sharia courts operating independently and without authority from the English government.
Now, this has major implications here at home. Now, if we make Europe's mistake, well, what happens? This is coming to a city near you. And that raises the importance of President Trump's agenda in terms of the border wall and implementing extreme vetting.
This also comes down to a very simple choice for you, the American people. It's a slight inconvenience for those few travelers who like the privilege to come to our country versus gambling with the lives of American citizens.
Joining us now with reaction, the deputy assistant to the president, Dr. Sebastian Gorka.
Dr. Gorka, let's -- here we go again. It's Islamization. You and I have discussed it about Europe. You believe ISIS can be defeated. Your reaction to this attack, and you know, add the importance now of extreme vetting and border security.
Dr. Gorka, I have been saying to people this is now a very simple choice, and the left in the country has made a decision. And their decision is they don't want to inconvenience those people that want the privilege of coming into this country and that they are willing to gamble with the lives of Americans.
Last question...
Dr. Gorka -- Dr. Gorka, I say there is a clash of civilizations. If you grow up under sharia and you believe as a man you have the right to tell women how to dress, you believe you have the right to tell women they can't travel abroad, that they can't drive a car, you say a woman can't leave the house without a male relative -- many of these countries that live under sharia, that is their law. Marital rape in some countries is not a crime. Gays and lesbians are killed as a matter of course. Christians and Jews are persecuted.
Is it even possible to vet what's in the minds, hearts and souls of people if they grow up in a culture that so contradicts our constitutional form of government, sir?
All right, Dr. Gorka. As always, thank you for being with us. I wish it was always under better circumstances. Our thoughts and prayers go out to our friends in Great Britain.
Joining us now, the author of the New York Times best-seller, "Treason," former speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich.
You know, Dr. Gorka mentioned evil, Mr. Speaker. And I wrote a book once, "Deliver Us From Evil," and I looked at the last 100 years of human history. You are a great historian -- over 100 million human souls destroyed by evil. When you look at Nazism, fascism, totalitarianism, communism, the killing fields, Pol Pot -- this is a clear and present danger today. It is modern day evil, radical Islam, what do we do? What should we be learning from what's happened in Europe with migration and refugees?
We've had our own issues with refugees and migrants in this country, but nothing compared to what Europe has been experiencing, and dramatic increases in terror attacks and major crimes. We've seen it not only in France and Great Britain and Belgium and Germany, but all throughout the European Union.
And I think this is really a moment that America really needs to pause and ask itself, are we going to follow the same path they have followed? And are we prepared for the consequences that they have had in Europe? We have enough terror going on in Boston at the marathon and Chattanooga, at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, at Fort Hood and San Bernardino. We have our own problems already. Do we really want to invite other problems without a proper vetting system?
Then I ask you the question I asked Dr. Gorka. I mean, for example -- I'll give you one example. In Great Britain, of all countries, they have 83 specific sharia courts, separate and apart from the judicial system of Great Britain. And I don't care what every liberal says, I know for a fact from people I've interviewed and people who have been there, no- go zones exist throughout Europe in different places, including France.
So you know, there's is no assimilation there, Mr. Speaker. Those are two separate...
... distinct countries within -- or a country with a country.
And that raises -- and that raises the question that I was asking Dr. Gorka, and it goes to the heart of extreme vetting. And I would add a lot of other countries to it and make anybody that wants to be a guest in our country pay for their own vetting -- my own thoughts.
But how do you ascertain, knowing that ISIS -- they may be evil, but they're not stupid, and they probably would be well trained and coached on giving answers if they were being vetted.
So I guess the question is, how do you possibly vet the mind, the heart and the soul of somebody coming from a country whose culture, for example, is like Saudi Arabia?
All right, Mr. Speaker, stay right there. Coming up, we have a lot more with Speaker Gingrich coming up right after this break.
And coming up next tonight right here on "Hannity"...
House Intel Committee chairman Devin Nunes drops a major bombshell earlier today, announcing that he has now seen evidence that proves there was, in fact, surveillance of the president-elect, Donald Trump, and the Trump transition team. Newt Gingrich will react to that.
Plus, more on the terror attack in London. Brexit leader Nigel Farage will join us also coming up tonight.
And can Republican leadership strike a deal with members of the Freedom Caucus on the GOP health care legislation scheduled for a vote tomorrow? Chairman Mark Meadows and Congressman Dave Brat will join us on this very busy news night right here tonight on "Hannity."
And this is a Fox News alert. We have more on today's terror attack in London coming up in just a few minutes.
But first, early today, House Intelligence chairman Devin Nunes made the bombshell announcement confirming what President Trump has now been saying for weeks, that, in fact, surveillance was collected on members of his team and himself. Now, Nunes briefed the president at the White House earlier today. And afterwards, he took questions from the, well, destroy press (ph) media. Take a look.
Now, President Trump was asked today about these revelations and here is what he said. Take a look.
And still with us, former speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich. Mr. Speaker, I look at this and I say, Wow. Here it is. The media has been so wrong for so long -- you know, they're trying to make a big deal -- Well, was he actually wiretapped or were there surveillance? For two weeks on this program, we have been pointing out that, in fact, surveillance did take place. Now this is confirmed. And Devin Nunes, the House Intelligence Committee chair, is very disturbed. I think every American should feel the same way. Your thoughts.
And CNN.
They've been wrong.
They've all been wrong. But there's a real danger here to me, and that is -- look, I understand. I'm a big supporter of the intelligence community, as I know you are, Mr. Speaker. A lot of these people put their lives on the line. This is an evil, dangerous world. We need that intelligence.
And -- but there are very specific laws and rules regarding the wiretapping surveillance of Americans. We still have a 1st, 4th, 5th, 6th amendment here, OK? And if they -- there are rules, for example, if they, in fact -- if they're surveilling, say, a Russian ambassador, an Iranian ambassador, that's their job. But if they notice an American is on the line, they're supposed to practice what's called for minimization.
I've also talked to those people that have worked in intelligence. Normal practice is they don't identify who the American is. They will say an American. But in the case of General Flynn, they mentioned him.
Now we know that they had a surveillance of the president-elect and on members of the transition team. Well, did they have a warrant for those? Apparently not. It might be more felonies. That's the one thing that we seem to have clear here. Your thoughts on that.
Yes. Well, there's one other point that and that is James Clapper, national director of intelligence, the FBI director, Admiral Rogers have all not said not one vote -- not one was influenced as was asked by Chairman Nunes in the hearings.
All right, I've got to move on to one other question. And we have Mark Meadows and Congressman Dave Brat coming up. I spoke to Freedom Caucus members earlier today. They would know, at least 30, probably more, that they had that were not going to vote for this bill.
In the course of today, there have been meetings with the White House, and more specifically, the president and Mark Meadows himself. There's been a breakthrough tonight. Now, the only thing that I hear is remaining as the actual language, but an agreement in principle has been made.
How important is this that the president is the one that made that breakthrough?
You know, it was interesting as I was talking to Freedom Caucus members today, their number one concern was defending the president on this because they felt if this doesn't work, it hurts him. And that was their main argument, very interesting behind the scenes. But Mr. Speaker, I hope they learn from this, too, and maybe they can build more consensus before they roll out bills. Hopefully, we learn a lesson. But I agree with you, a lot of people worked very hard and came together in the end.
We appreciate you being with us. Thank you.
And as we continue tonight, we have three big breaking news stories we are following tonight. Scotland Yard says the suspect responsible for today's carnage on the streets of London was likely inspired by international terrorism. We'll have a live report from Benjamin Hall. He's in London. Plus, we'll get reaction from Brexit leader Nigel Farage.
And also later tonight...
So will Republicans have enough votes to pass the GOP ObamaCare replacement plan? That's happening tomorrow night, scheduled for tomorrow night. The chairman of the House Freedom Caucus ,Mark Meadows, who made this deal with the president, said he's, quote, now "very optimistic" that a deal will be struck. The chairman will join us, along with Congressman Dave Brat, and much more on this busy news tonight on "Hannity."
That was British Prime Minister Theresa May speaking earlier tonight following a deadly terror attack in London. And just moments ago, President Donald Trump tweeted, quote, "Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and doing very well."
Joining us now with the very latest on the ground in London is our own Benjamin Hall. Benjamin?
All right, Benjamin, I know you've had a long, difficult day, and I know it's very early in the morning. Thank you for staying up for us. We appreciate it.
Joining us now with reaction is Brexit leader, Fox News contributor, also a personal friend, Nigel Farage. Up late for you, too, Nigel. First, our thoughts and prayers go out to all our friends in Great Britain, especially the families of the victims and those that are in hospitals fighting for their lives.
You and I have had long discussions both on-air and off-air about the Islamization of Europe, about refugees, about migrants and how it impacted the Brexit vote, how it impacted the election of Donald Trump. Hey we are back at square one, once again, another attack. How important are these issues of vetting? How important are these issues of independence and certainly knowing something about people that come into our countries?
Nigel, I agree with you, but there are people that disagree with us. And they will say things like xenophobic, Islamophobic and throw these words out here. Is it really too much to ask that if you come from a country that practices Sharia whose values directly contradict those of the United States and our constitution or the values of western Europe and the United Kingdom, is it really too much to ask that we vet you and know that you're going to bring safety and security with you as you visit, have the honor of visiting our great countries?
It's outrageous.
Well said. Nigel Farage, thank you. Our thoughts and prayers are with our friends in Great Britain tonight.
Coming up tonight, the House Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows says he is, quote, "very optimistic at this late hour" that Republican lawmakers can get the deal done on the GOP health care legislation. In other words he's been negotiating directly with the president tonight and he feels they have met in terms of principles. It's now a matter of writing the bill. He will join us next along with Congressman Dave Brat, straight ahead.
This is a Fox News Alert. Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows says he is, quote, "very optimistic that Republican lawmakers can find common ground on the GOP ObamaCare repeal replacement plan by tomorrow." Joining us now to explain exactly what he meant and where this negotiation lies is the chairman himself, Congressman Mark Meadows, North Carolina, along with Virginia Congressman, fellow Freedom Caucus member Dave Brat.
Congressman Meadows, earlier today I spoke to a number of you guys. You are adamant this not passing unless two specific things happen. So what has evolved that now the White House feels you're close to a deal. You told me earlier tonight that you are close as long as the language of a deal that you personally made with the president is written properly. You think it's done.
Could I say you have an agreement in principle? You guys have a meeting of the minds and an agreement in principle?
How many weeks has it been since you talked to leadership?
And before that?
And you're crediting the president himself for this breakthrough, if you will, because if you guys held firm like I was told by you this morning and by others this morning and your caucus, this was not going to pass tomorrow. Unless this was fixes this won't pass, you're saying.
Congressman Brat, where are you on this?
Both of you told me and you were very firm about this. Congressman Meadows specifically and Dave Brat specifically, both of you told me that the reason you're fighting for this is for the president's sake, because he can't have his name on a bill, you said, that's going to end up in a bad way. So your motivation was to get it right.
I know he is. Yes, so it's an issue of language, an agreement of principle. And we'll watch by tomorrow morning, I guess by this time tomorrow night we'll know where this vote ends up. And I wish you, seriously, this is an important piece. This is no room for failure in my mind here. This is way too important. And if you guys can come together, that's great for the country. Thank you both for being with us, appreciate it.
Up next Sara Carter, Circa News, joins us live to react to Congressman Devin Nunes explosive report that in fact surveillance was done on the president-elect and his team during the transition. This information mirrors Sara's recent reporting. We've been telling about this for two weeks on this program. She'll explain next as we continue on this very busy news night straight ahead.
This is a Fox News alert. Earlier today House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes made the bombshell announcement confirming what President Trump has been now saying for weeks, that in fact surveillance was collected on members of his team, including himself.
Joining us with reaction from Circa News is Sara Carter. With all the breaking news tonight, Sara, this would have been my lead on any other night. This is what you have been telling this audience for over two weeks straight now, and corroborates and confirms everything you and John Solomon reported. I want your full reaction to it anything you want to add to this.
I say to little differently maybe to be more a little more incendiary because that's my nature. Who knew what when, and what did they know, and when did they know it? These questions now must be answered. This is so unprecedented. You talk about unmasked. That revelation in the course of regular surveillance is supposed to be as regular order. It is supposed to be hidden, and then it delves into executive order 12333, why did Obama change it to allow 16 other agencies to have access to it. Was that designed to purposefully leak this information? There's so many unanswered questions. Where do you think this goes? That's my most important question.
You'll be on the program tomorrow. He said he was bothered by one other thing, now we have James Clapper, Admiral Rogers, and a James Comey saying no votes were influenced at all. So this whole Russian narrative by a biased media has been wrong for all of these months. This is deep and profound and very problematic. We have 30 seconds.
I believe somebody could be very high ranking within the intelligence community and it may go to Obama administrator officials. Am I onto something in your opinion based on what you know now, yes or no?
Wow. We'll have you back tomorrow night. Chairman Nunes tomorrow night.
When we come back, more "Hannity" right after this break.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Before we go tonight, quick programming note. Tomorrow night right here on this programming, House Intel Committee Chairman Congressman Devin Nunes will join us. Also Sara Carter will be with us again tomorrow night 10:00 eastern. Also tomorrow, we'll be keeping an eye on this health care vote. It still needs the language to meet. If that happens, it will pass. If not, I predict it doesn't.
That's all the time we have left this evening.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 106  ***************************************************
 Now Senator Groper is not the only high profile Democrat now facing sexual harassment allegations. The longest serving member of Congress, John Conyers, is in hot water after new revelations show that he settled one sexual harassment case out of court, paying a former staffer not out of his own money but out of congressional office funding. Another Congressional aide has also accused the Democratic Congressman of verbally abusing her and even said Conyers once held a meeting in his underwear.
This weekend, Conyers issued a statement announcing his decision to step down as the ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee. But Conyers said, he has no plans of resigning from office, writing in part, quote, "I very much look forward to vindicating myself and my family before the House Committee on Ethics."
Of course, there is no shortage of Democrats in Congress that are coming out defend Franken and Conyers. They're Democrats. All of a sudden they have discovered, wow, due process and not rushing to judgment is a good thing. Imagine that. Take a look.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi is also rushing to defend Conyers. She is saying oh, no rush to judgment. She is actually calling for due process. Watch this.
Now, I stand consistent. I say never rush to judgment. I say, everybody deserves the presumption of innocence and I stand by that in this particular case. But it is funny that Congresswoman Pelosi only seems to care about due process but only when Democrats are involved.
During that same interview, Pelosi was asked about a comment she made in 1998 then host to "Meet the Press" Tim Russert asked her about the investigation into Bill Clinton. This gets rather humorous but sad.
With inconsistent statements like this, can you really trust the Democratic Party to be the champion for women or are they just playing politics with the topic? Can the Democratic Party really stand for women when it protected the Clintons for 30 years, who took millions and millions of dollars from countries with the most atrocious women's rights records?
And can the Democratic Party really stand for women when it supports a person for president who we all know actively tried to silence all of her husband's sexual assault accusers? And by the way, even on "Meet The Press," they called Bill Clinton a predator with being accused of predatory behavior? The answers to us are pretty simple.
Now, we turn our attention to another top story tonight, the lawyers for former National Security adviser Michael Flynn, reportedly meeting with members of Robert Mueller's team. A sign that a deal could in fact be in the works.
Tonight, once again we are investigating the investigators behind this Russia collusion probe, including the Special Counsel himself, Robert Mueller and one of his top prosecutors, Andrew Weismann. The L.A. Times this weekend out with a brand new profile of Mueller highlighting many of his serious flaws. Now according to the article, quote, "Mueller has a record that shows a man of fallible judgment who can be slow to alter his chosen course."
Now the article goes on to criticize his handling of the 2001 anthrax case while Mueller was serving as the director of the FBI. The report reads, quote, "His tenacious yet linear approach to evaluating evidence led him to fumble the biggest U.S. terrorism investigation since 9/11."
Now, of course, this is the very same Robert Mueller who stood by and did nothing when he was the director of the FBI while the controversial sale of Uranium One was being approved by Hillary Clinton, Eric Holder and others in 2010. Now, keep in mind in 2009, the FBI had evidence of Russian bribery linked to Uranium One. Remember, a confidential informant provided further evidence of a potentially illicit deal. This was 18 months before where 20 percent of America's uranium was at stake here, all while the United States faces a uranium shortage. So why didn't Robert Mueller stop that horrible deal?
Now some are questioning the motives behind who Mueller chose to staff the Russia investigation. Later tonight, you're going to meet a woman named Sidney Powell, she worked at the DOJ for a decade. She believes that one of Mueller's top investigators, Andrew Weismann, has a documented history of using strong arm tactics to seek convictions, unethical behavior.
Our own colleague Gregg Jarrett will also join us tonight. He did digging into Wiesman's past. He came to the same conclusion. Remember back during the Enron accounting scandal, Wiesman, well he was a hard charging prosecutor on the task force that brought a controversial obstruction of justice case against the accounting firm Arthur Anderson. That eventually put that company out of business. It cost tens of thousands of people their jobs and it was all for nothing because in 2005, the U.S. Supreme Court overturned the obstruction of justice conviction in a 9-0 unanimous ruling.
But that's not the only example of Weisman's aggressive tactics resulting in a case being overturned. The conviction of a business transaction between Enron and Merrill Lynch, it sent people to jail. It was also reversed by the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. Now, critics have also accused Weisman of intimidating witnesses, creating crimes that don't even exist. And in one case, in particular, one case, withholding evidence that was exculpatory that would have helped the defendant. And just like Mueller, Weisman is also tied to this corrupt Uranium One deal and the ensuing cover-up.
Weisman ran the DOJ's fraud section during the Russian bribery scheme and Gregg Jarrett noticed that his name, his signature are on the bottom of the plea agreement that was signed by the Russian businessman involved in that case. So why in God's name would Mueller appoint Weisman with his record of being overturned to be involved in the Russia investigation?
If we're going to be entirely honest the entire Russia collusion investigation may never even have taken place if not for the complete hysteria on the left from the moment Donald Trump defeated Hillary on November 8th of 2016. Over the weekend, the president tweeted, quote, "Since the first day I took office, all you hear is the phony Democratic excuse for losing the election. Russia, Russia, Russia. Despite this, I have the economy booming, and have possibly done more than any 10-month president. Make America Great Again."
Now, the president is right to push the significant economic triumphs that have now taken place in the last 10 months. We're going to get to more of that good news in a minute.
But first, I want to offer a sincere message to lawmakers in Washington. Despite setbacks, the House of Representatives, well, they have actually gotten some work done fighting for the president's agenda. They got the repeal and replace of ObamaCare. They got the tax cut. They got 413 other bills and joint resolutions passed. But for the next three and a half weeks, all eyes will be on the ineffective U.S. Senate where we have seen a much different story unfolding.
Now, President Trump's 515 nominations, civilian nominations, only 249 have yet to be approved in almost a year? And, of course, we all remember the Senate's failure to repeal ObamaCare. And now a tax reform vote is looming but its fate is totally uncertain tonight. And like many other pieces of crucial legislation pushed by the Trump White House, well, you have several Republican senators standing on its way. So, tonight we asked John McCain and Lisa Murkowski, Bob Corker, Jeff Flake "the flake, the snowflake" and others, who might be planning to kill the tax cut bill, I have a message for you: Voters did not put you in office to do nothing. And vote no on everything. The American people put you in office to solve difficult problems to get the job done. So you don't like something in the tax bill, fix it. And I don't love everything in this bill either, but over the next three and a half weeks all of America is watching. They expect a tax reform bill. One that lowers the corporate rate, brings back money and jobs from overseas that gets a middle class tax cut, repatriation money. Also the millions of energy jobs that will be created. Because remember, with these cuts, all that makes the opening of factories in the U.S. possible. A tax reform bill that's going to spur economic growth hopefully for decades to come.
No, the bill is not perfect, but earlier today Senator Rand Paul announced he will support the Senate's tax reform legislation. Like him, I wish it went further. It's time for other lawmakers to join him. There is too much at stake. Do you even care about the forgotten men and women in this country, people in poverty on food stamps out of work?
Now, despite the Senate's inability to pass laws and approve the president's picks, well, the president, he is working at the speed of Trump and has for the last 10 months to get things done. And, of course, members of the lazy destroy Trump media aren't interested in doing their job so we'll continue to do it for them. Take a look at that screen right there. Here are just some of the president's accomplishments. Now, there are so many it would take us way too long to read them all.
On top of the president's accomplishments, since he took office in January, look at the economic numbers. Things are booming. According to the latest numbers available, in October 261,000 jobs created. Unemployment at 17-year low. Consumer confidence a 17-year high. Median, existing home price for all housing types in October 27, people's biggest investment, well, that's up 8.7 percent from January of 2017. Stock market, again, all-time high and more people are in the work force than ever.
And on the campaign trail, President Trump promised to make our economy great. Well, so far that's exactly what he is doing. That's why the Senate needs to get off their backsides and pass this tax reform package. It's vital. Take a look at the president pushing this tax cut earlier today.
Joining us now, author of the best-selling book "Vengeance," former speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich. Mr. Speaker, good to see you.
Look, go ahead.
By the way, I use Ricola and if it really gets bad, you need strong anti-inflammatories to get the vocal chords working. I used my voice, I tried and talk more in your favor. But, you know, look at the statistics I just read off. That's significant economic growth. Major corporations now promising billions in investment. Factories saved from moving to Mexico because of the President's involved by himself. Burdensome regulation, energy independence. The House, look, they are not perfect. I wasn't exactly happy with repeal and replace. The Senate is getting nothing done, Mr. Speaker. They haven't even confirmed half of the President's nominees.
Will they get this bill done?
Do you think the Senate is going to get this tax bill done?
Why?
Yes. By the way, I have had your same throat issues. People think it really hurts to talk. It doesn't, right?
I mean, we are not going to torture you. It just is what it is. The vocal chords get inflamed and they just need to calm down is all it is. But it doesn't hurt. I speak from experience. It just makes us think it hurts.
I like the middle class tax cuts, if necessary. The corporate tax cuts will make us so competitive. Repatriation. They may be as much as four trillion dollars that comes flowing back in short order to the United States. The steps the President has taken on energy independence will create millions of high paying jobs. I worry about one thing with the Republican Party. Help me out. And that is, it seems Reagan dropped the top marginal rates from 70 to 28 percent in his presidency.
We double revenues to the government. Twenty one million new jobs. Longest period of peace time economic growth up to that point in history. What I worry about is out of fear of that of the class warfare rhetoric of the Democrats, that's why we're not cutting taxes across the board. In other words, top 20 percent pay 90-some odd percent of the tax bill. The income tax bill. Seems cutting their taxes would be smart, too, for everybody and would work like it worked for Kennedy and Reagan. Your thoughts?
Let me ask you about Franken, Conyers. I played that Russert clip from "Meet The Press" with Nancy Pelosi. And now she is calling for due process but only because it's a Democrat. I actually believe in not rushing to judgment on anybody, especially people that deny charges. And that goes for John Conyers or anybody else. And I believe in the presumption of innocence. I believe it strongly.
Yes. All right, Mr. Speaker. I like Ricola. If you need my doctor who helps in these moments, I will give you offline. I don't want to be encouraging the use of medicines because I'm not a doctor and I am not going to play one on TV. We hope you feel better.
I would have talked less. You seem to feel better. Thanks for being with us, Speaker Gingrich.
And up next, we're just getting things started. Monica Crowley and Tammy Bruce, they are here to react to the Democratic Party's sexual harassment problems that are getting worse tonight. Later, we will talk to a former federal prosecutor whose warning Robert Mueller, Andrew Weisman and their investigation is dangerous and an outrageous abuse of power, that, and the term Pocahontas. We will explain straight ahead.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi calling Congressman John Conyers an icon saying, we can't rush to judgment, we need due process amid the sexual harassment allegations.
Here with reaction is nationally syndicated radio talk show host, FOX News contributor Tammy Bruce. Conservative columnist Monica Crowley back with us. Let's start about the 30 years of defending the Clintons.
Then, I didn't hear many Democrats talk -- I don't hear them ever talk about due process not rushing to judgment if it's a Republican. It's pretty transparent now. But its serious because I say not to rush to judgment on anybody. And that includes John Conyers who I don't agree on anything with.
They can say it now, but wait a minute, the Clintons have no power.
By the way, what do you mean national organization for women? You were the President of the L.A. Chapter.
Thirty years.
It's too serious. And I said this in the Moore case. These charges were too serious. That people deserve answers and eventually it is going to be the people that decide which by the way rightly so. Not commentators, not this fake news people. Let me tell you how bad it's gotten in this case. This was in The Huffington Post. I want to put it up on the screen and you can read this.
"Leeann," meaning Leeann Tweeden, "was never raped. She was never assaulted. She was never the victim of sexual violence or harassment. She was a willing and active participant in a comedy show that involved sexualized behaviors and she consented to participate."
She didn't consent to that picture. She was asleep. And that's called evidence. That's irrefutable, incontrovertible evidence.
Let me put up another piece. There was a tweet so-called feminist in this case Emily Linden is her name. Here is unpopular opinion I'm actually not at all concerned about innocent men losing their jobs over false sexual assault harassment allegations. Is it your brother? Is it your father? Is it your husband? Is it somebody you care about?
I got the crap beat out of me, because I said don't rush to judgment. As it turns out in the case of Roy Moore when I said ok you have to answer these questions.
Now we have a woman that claims she has a yearbook. I have talked to forensic experts. They would be able to determine if the signature was his, if they can compare his writing at the time and whether or not the ink was old or new. Nobody is doing the forensic here which would answer one very significant charge.
Or Clarence Thomas.
We all agree at this point, if this guys are in congress they want to make their deals and keep it confidential. They have to use their own money. They can't use taxpayer money.
Thank you both. Good to see you both. I appreciate it up next, we will continue to investigate the investigators, things you won't hear anywhere else. I promise you on television. You will hear tonight from a former federal prosecutor, she is saying, Mueller's investigation is outrageous and an abuse of power unethical behavior. She will explain along with Gregg Jarrett straight ahead along with Sebastian Gorka.
Welcome back to Hannity. We continue to investigate the investigator now my next guest worked for the DOJ for over a decade says Robert Mueller's investigation is an outrageous abuse of power. Now, she is the author of licensed to lie, exposing corruption in the Department of Justice. Former federal prosecutor Sidney Powell joins us as well as Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett. So, the "L.A. Times," Sydney, had this piece. It was brutal to Robert Mueller. Andrew Weismann has the single worst record when you look at Merrill Lynch, Enron, Arthur Anderson, tens of thousands of people lost their job. A 9-0 Supreme Court reversal of what he did and the fifth circuit of appeals. Same thing reversal. Innocent people went to jail, because he wouldn't allow bail and they ended up again being exonerated also withholding exculpatory evidence in a case. Why would Mueller ever pick somebody with such an atrocious track record if he didn't have an agenda to be kind here overly aggressive and abuse the power of that office?
That never happened. Not many 9-0 decisions are there.
You write, Gregg Jarrett, that Weissmann is notorious lawyer. Known for abusive tactics and for weaponizing the law in a ruthless and often unprincipled quest to convict, innocent people have been victimized by him. His biggest cases as we have been talking about reversed.
For a year.
How does he have the ability to practice law?
Nobody, Sydney, seems to know the power of a prosecutor before a grand jury. We know you can indict a ham sandwich. Why did Mueller pick this team? Obviously he picked partisan Democrats we have highlighted that, but picking a guy that is used ruthless unprincipled perhaps even unethical tactics. Why would Mueller do that if he didn't have an agenda here and knowing this guy's background?
We will give you a get out of jail free card just tell us what we want. That doesn't necessarily mean that is the truth.
Let me go to you, you make the connection between Rosenstein and Comey and Mueller and Weissmann. This does this feel like BFFs.
All of them?
How could this happen in the United States of America, Greg? This is not a banana republic here.
They don't want Manafort. They don't want General Flynn. They want Trump.
Or I will go after your son.
Sydney, last word, do you agree with all of that?
I have two copies of your book coming. Thanks to my friend Gregg Jarrett. We will read it in full. We will continue to do this investigation. It's scary what they're describing.
When we come back, the president calls Senator Elizabeth Warren Pocahontas today. The left irate. We're going to explain why the liberal senator is the one who exploited minority status, and we'll get reaction. Sebastian Gorka next. Later, we have the biggest example of fake news. Liberal Joe and Mika. You don't want to miss it, straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So the fake news destroy Trump liberal media losing their mind yet again over something President Trump said at the White House during an event honoring native American code talkers who served in World War II. President Trump poked fun at one of his favorite targets. Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren who has been proven to have lied about her Native American heritage. Here is what he said.
Now, of course, liberal media is jumping all over the use of the word and the name Pocahontas which is called Warren repeatedly. But should they be more focused on going after Warren who exploited her fake Native American heritage for her own personal gain. Here with reaction, former deputy assistant for the president, Fox News national security strategist Sebastian Gorka.
Dr. Gorka, Warren is now saying Trump called me a racial slur. Will not shut me up. Well, there was a big investigation. And the use of minority status when it's not accurate seems to be a far bigger offense that the left will never talk about. Your reaction?
Is she Native American, Dr. Gorka?
Trying to take advantage and get minority status that she never deserved.
All right. What do you think -- we have all this hypocrisy going on as it relates to sexual harassment. The very same Democrats that many of whom were involved in smearing all the Clinton women. I mean smearing and defending what we now know is predatory behavior of Bill Clinton. And the outrage they show only when Republicans are accused of such things. Now they talk about due process and not rushing to judgment. I'm consistent. I think it should be the case take everything seriously. Charges are serious. People still do deserve the presumption of innocence and that is even John Conyers. They politicized. This your thoughts?
Not trial by media.
What should happen in the Franken case you have evidence? And you have you an admission although not on everything. In Conyers case he says no and Moore's case he says didn't happen? Ideally the elite should police itself. They should say no. You have to leave. You must show have you moral fiber or you must resign or sacked from your positions if there is a legal case to be made that should be investigated until the end of the trail whether they are Republicans or Democrats.
Agreed. I don't think it is hard to find. All right as the senate and this tax bill we have 30 seconds. Is it going to pass and do you have any faith it will pass?
All right. Dr. Sebastian Gorka, always god to see toy. Thank you for being with us.
All right. It's one of the biggest examples of fake news. You can't make this stuff up. We will show you how liberal Joe and Mika and conspiracy TV MSNBC straight up lied to their viewers. That is next.
All right. Before we go, I had to share with you the biggest example of fake news. Liberal Joe and Mika and MSNBC actually caught red- handed lying to their viewers. They pretended their show on Friday, which was actually taped on Wednesday, was live as the day after thanksgiving. Watch this fake news.
I'm stuffed? The game last night? You can't make this up. This also got the attention of some of their viewers who took to twitter that slammed the two for the sleazy deception. Sometimes you do tape shows. I have a message to Joe and Mika. This is why nobody trusts you. Very few people watch you. You know, can you just kind of try a little bit? They're so insane over there at this point. Everything Trump makes them bubble and fizz like Alka-Seltzer and water. Doesn't matter how many times they're wrong. Now -- "Oh, I'm so stuffed. Oh! But the game saved Thanksgiving. Thank god the game was great." The game that wasn't played and the turkey that wasn't eaten. Can't make it up.
That is all the time we have left this evening. As always thanks you for being with us. Set your DVR, never miss an episode. We'll always be fair and balanced. We're not the destroy Trump media. Let not your heart be troubled. Laura Ingraham, did you see my Twitter frying that turkey? And I mentioned you.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 107  ***************************************************
 You know, the president's right. You would think they want to make America great again. You know what? Do they ever talk about solutions to solve the problems this country is facing? We'll get to that later.
Now, predictably, after President Trump fought back in a big way, well, it sent the lazy, overpaid, radical ideologically- driven media into a frenzy. For example, here is how fake news CNN reacted. Take a look at this!
Actually, CNN is unhinged and embarrassing. Really, Don? Civil war? Now, the president -- he's right. The media is stirring up severe tensions in this country. And this is exactly why crowds at the Trump rally like we saw last night -- hey, Don, hey, Jeff Zucker, they were chanting at you. Take a listen.
Yes, CNN sucks. You know what? Have you guys ever thought that maybe those people, maybe they're sending you a message? Hey, Jeff Zucker, CNN -- you're the head of CNN -- are you proud of the lies, the garbage that is being spewed on your network day in and day out, hour in, hour out? Because guess what, Jeff? You own this rhetoric. You own the lies that your network tells.
Now, up next is the deranged conspiracy theories-spreading fake news, leftists, ideologues over at MSNBC. Take a look.
Sadly predictable and unbelievable. Hey, Andy Lack, you're the head of NBC. You now own every one of these conspiracy theories, all the lies that are told on your network.
Up next, we have the big three broadcast networks. Let's take a look at how they handled this.
Now, try and put yourself in the position of the president. If you were unfairly lied about, if you were called a racist, one of the worst things you can say about somebody -- you know you're not. You have a history of not being racist. You've spoken out against racism your whole life. Wouldn't you feel a need to defend yourself, your honor, your reputation, your character, your family? Well, the destroy Trump media, they are beyond pathetic. And they deserve now every bit of criticism that they're getting from the president and rational thinking Americans.
And finally, there's President Obama's former director of national intelligence, James Clapper -- he's now pushing a new tinfoil hat black helicopter conspiracy theory about President Trump's fitness for office. Now, listen to this nonsense, and then we'll remind you about him because he's a known liar. Take a listen.
Really? Now, let me see if I remember correctly. Isn't that the same James Clapper who lied about surveillance to Congress, who originally said he saw zero evidence of so-called Trump-Russia collusion?
Well, he's since changed his tune. I don't know. I guess that's what you have to do if you want to get a job over at the fake news network, the "Clinton News Network" these days. Let's see, a liar on CNN -- sounds like a perfect match in heaven to me.
But here's the bigger point. To the leftist media, everything is President Trump's fault. You know what? He can't say or do anything in their eyes that is right.
Here's what I came to the conclusion after last night. If President Trump could actually cure cancer, make people in wheelchairs walk, give every American a million dollars, if he could prevent heart attacks or stop car accidents, well, guess what? The media still wouldn't be happy. They still wouldn't be satisfied. And by the way, if the dog bites, the bee stings and you're feeling sad, it's Donald Trump's fault in their eyes.
Now, somehow, the media thinks that President Trump -- that he wasn't supposed to respond to them calling a (sic) racist and a bigot every hour of every day. So here's a little reminder of just some of the things the media has said about the president in just the past two weeks before last night's rally, which caused the president to respond.
So as the president pointed out last night, when it comes to Charlottesville, condemning hatred and racism and bigotry, well, the destroy Trump media -- they have distorted and misrepresented everything that he has said.
They've also neglected to mention the many numerous times he has condemned outright the likes of David Duke, the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists. So because the media refuses to report the facts and do their job, let's go through them one by one and show every example of the president doing this, highlighting all the examples.
Now, we're going to make it so simple and easy for members of the abusively biased press to follow along. We're going to do this. Listen. Hear that? OK, we'll start with the tragedy in Charlottesville.
Now, on Saturday, August the 12th, the day it happened, before a madman plowed his car into a group of people, the president tweeted out the following. "We all must be united and condemn all that hate stands for. There's no place for this kind of violence in America. Let's come together as one."
Now, then the president went on to say, "We must remember this truth. No matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we're all Americans first."
And after the protest turned deadly, President Trump immediately came out -- he condemned the hatred! Take a look yourself.
Now, the media went ballistic because President Trump, he dared to tell the truth. And the video proves it. The white supremacists -- we all know this -- they deserve the blame for starting the violence. And by the way, the revulsion most people feel when they see people like that is natural and normal. And these people should be condemned in the strongest possible terms, which President Trump did.
But of course, that was not good enough for the destroy Trump media. So that Monday, President Trump -- he came out again and condemned all of these hate groups, and yes, he did it by name. Watch this.
Now, the very next day, President Trump -- he denounced again these hate groups. Take a look for yourself.
Now, for the leftist press, President Trump's remarks still -- they weren't enough. They weren't said well enough. Instead of acknowledging and accepting the numerous times that the president rightly spoke out against these despicable, disgusting white supremacists -- well, the media, they tried to use this for political purposes and bludgeon the president and all conservatives and all Republicans, just like they do every two and four years, as I have proved again and again right here on this show.
They also completely ignored the president's decades-long history of denouncing bigots, racists like David Duke, and it goes all the way back to 1991. Donald Trump -- he was on CNN's "Larry King Live." All CNN had to do was dig up the tape and show it to you and be fair and balanced and do their jobs and be diligent in their work! But of course, they won't do that.
There's also countless video examples of President Trump rebuking David Duke and these hate groups. So-called journalists -- maybe you can learn something. Pay close attention. Words matter.
That was back to 1991, the year 2000. Ask yourself this question tonight. Why does the media refuse to show you all the examples of the president repudiating vile, divisive people, white supremacists and other racist groups?
The answer is simple. They are agenda-driven. They are radical left-wing ideologues. They are hell bent on destroying this presidency, the presidency of Donald Trump. Now, we saw it way back during the campaign. Remember? Just about every major media news outlet except the Fox News Channel was caught red-handed! What were they doing? Colluding with the Clinton campaign.
And we've also seen it with the media, their nonstop tinfoil hat black helicopter conspiracy theories, consistently negative coverage of this president. He can do nothing right in their eyes.
You may remember this Harvard study. It shows over 90 percent of the "Clinton News Network," fake news, NBC, CBS, their coverage of the president was negative. The media cannot handle the fact that they are now being exposed, as they were last night, as agenda-driven and fake news. They think they can lie. They think they can call conservatives, Republicans and the president racists, bigots, homophobes, Islamophobes, sexist, xenophobic, Islamophobic. They think they can push conspiracy theories about Russian collusion for months on end with no concrete evidence and not be called out and not be exposed?
Well, tonight, the media's credibility is now gone. They are nothing but propaganda outlets for leftist ideology. They are all basically a bunch of sheep who echo each other. They got their own little echo chamber. They feign moral outrage every chance they can get. They create fake crisis, fake crisis after fake crisis using fake news, and of course, sources that are not identified, anonymous sources.
It's gone from Russia, Russia, Russia to President Trump going to launch a nuclear war with North Korea to, oh, my gosh, racist, racist, racist. Now they've all been exposed.
And here's the saddest part of all of this. They do not care about the forgotten men and women in this country who are desperately needing solutions, that voted for this president. This is a duly elected president that they want to push out of office. They are not trying to help solve this country's problems, to help the millions of Americans suffering. They don't tell the truth about what's really going on in America.
Now, besides this show, how often do you hear about 50 million Americans in poverty, 50 million Americans on food stamps -- by the way, 13 million more Americans on food stamps after Obama, 8 million more in poverty after Obama, 95 million Americans out of the labor force. Did they mention a million new jobs since Donald Trump's been elected president? They had the lowest labor participation rate since the 1970s.
Now we have the best labor participation rate in years. We had the worst economic recovery since the '40s, the lowest home ownership rate in 51 years. That's all after Obama. The media never told you the truth about that. They don't give a rip, obviously.
The president was right. Do they want to make America great again? Do they ever talk about solutions, helping the American people, answers to our problems? They ever care about the people that voted for the president that want to drain the swamp and sewer? There's not only D.C., but it's also the media. Do they want real change that'll impact people's lives in a positive way?
So as the president said last night, they obviously don't care about making America great again. They never talk about solutions. Instead, they tear down, they delegitimize and they want to destroy the president you voted for. Why? They don't want to help the American people after decades and decades of neglect from out-of-touch, power-hungry politicians in Washington? That's who they are?
Well, they're getting worse every day and I don't think it's going to get better. But here's what we will do. We will continue to expose them and their agenda every night right here on this program. And we do thank you for being with us.
When we come back, Herman Cain reacts to my opening monologue. That's next.
Also tonight, last night the president hinted he may pardon former sheriff Joe Arpaio. He joins us here, talk about that and more straight ahead.
That was more of the president fighting back against the mainstream leftist ideological media last night. And as we laid out in my opening monologue, so-called journalists, commentators from the destroy Trump media, didn't exactly like those remarks and take them in stride. And by the way, they have been in full freakout mode for nearly 24 hours.
Here are some more of the lowlights from the media's post-rally coverage. Watch this.
Here now with reaction, former presidential candidate, FOX News contributor -- Herman Cain is with us.
You know, Herman, I think you can identify this. We've been friends for many years. You had a pretty good campaign running, and I think I remember you being right up there at the top of the polls, Herman Cain. And all of a sudden, the attacks came, vicious attacks, things I know to be lies. The minute you got out of the race, that was it. We never heard a word again. It all went away. All you had to do was get out of the way.
You're right about all of this. You know, Herman, if I was called a racist and lied about -- and you lived through this, and I remember you living through this like it was yesterday. I remember talking to you during all of that at the time. And I'm going to tell you something -- because I don't think there's anything worse you can say, murderer, racist. I mean, nobody wants to be a racist because it's so repugnant.
And if I was being attacked and that narrative was going on hour after hour after hour in every newspaper in the country, every news outlet, I'd be pretty pissed and I'd fight back for my name, my character, my honor and my family. And I know you would, too.
He also can fight back. He...
You know, you were starting a campaign. You were doing very well. It becomes expensive to defend yourself, doesn't it.
You know, Herman...
This is important. I've known you many, many years. And they did lie about you.
And it's interesting. As soon as you left, never heard the end of it. Lie -- outright lies about you. Thank you, my friend. Appreciate it, Very good perspective, very important analysis.
When we come back, ESPN -- this is the most bizarre story. They pull a broadcaster from covering a game because his name is Robert Lee. You can't make this up! Larry Elder, Geraldo Rivera -- they weigh in.
Also tonight, the president hinted he may pardon Joe Arpaio. He is here. We'll talk to him later, also.
Welcome back to "Hannity." ESPN, they have now succumbed to political correctness in the most insane and ridiculous way. They pulled a broadcaster from announcing University of Virginia football game because his name is Robert Lee. ESPN explained their insane decision in a statement saying, quote "We collectively made the decision with Robert to switch games as the tragic events in Charlottesville were unfolding simply because of the coincidence of his name. In that moment it felt right to all the parties. It's a shame that this is even a topic of conversation and we regret that who calls play-by-play for a football game has become an issue." Maybe you shouldn't have made it one.
Joining us now with reaction, Salem nationally syndicated radio talk show host Larry Elder, Fox News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera. I don't even know where to begin.
I laughed so uncontrollably on the radio, Larry, today. This poor guy. He is a great broadcaster. He is a great broadcaster. His name is Robert Lee. He happens to be Asian-American. He's an amazing broadcaster. You can't make this up it's so stupid.
Beam me up. Geraldo, it's not even worth commenting on. But Geraldo, we had the best back-and-forth in texts last night. And I said to you if I ever dare called Geraldo Rivera a racist, and you are not -- your response -- you would be apoplectic. We are both street fighters, and Larry is too. We just are. We all fight. You would go insane and you would fight back, just like the president did last night, Geraldo. That's how you would be, on steroids.
Geraldo, let me interrupt you as a friend. Geraldo, if CNN and the media called you a racist, said things about collusion with Russia that we have no evidence for or aren't true, if they every single day were trying to take you down, questioning your sanity the way CNN is, et cetera, you would go apoplectic. And the president has a right to defend his honor, his character, his good name and reputation.
He had to fight back.
Do they ever talk about solutions? Do they ever talk about fixing the country, helping people in poverty, on food stamps, out of work? Never. Larry, go ahead.
All right, guys, when we come back, the president last night hinted, yes, Joe Arpaio, the sheriff might get pardoned. Will it happen? What does Joe Arpaio think about that and his remarks? He's next, straight ahead.
That was President Trump last night at his rally in Arizona hinting he may in fact pardon former sheriff, Joe Arpaio. Joining us now to react, the man himself, the man the president was talking about, former Maricopa County Sheriff, Arizona sheriff, Joe Arpaio. Joe, what did you think of the president's comments?
Gregg Jarrett broke it. And I just think the president probably wanted to do it in his time and his way. Maybe there's a review going on. But at the end of the day, you enforce laws that are on the books, did you not? And were you not ordered not to enforce the law of the land?
Sheriff, explain specifically what happened in the case. You didn't have a jury of your peers. Explain the court side of this.
And Hillary goes free. And the unmaskers go free, and those that leak intelligence go free. And Uranium One deal goes free. And you never hear about Ukrainian interference in the election. We do have a dual justice system set but we don't have equal justice under the law. Sheriff, I was glad to hear the president's remarks last night. Certainly it's reassuring. Thank you for being with us. We all always wish you the best of luck. Thanks for being with us.
And coming up, excerpts of Hillary Clinton's audiobook, it's been released, and she's calling president Trump a creep. Why? Because he stood too close to her during the second presidential debate. This from the woman that's married to Bill and takes money from countries like Saudi Arabia? Gregg Jarrett and Monica Crowley are here.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Now, I know you have all been waiting for this, excerpts of Hillary Clinton's brand-new audiobook have finally been released. And in one clip Clinton describes the second presidential debate when then candidate Donald Trump got in her space. Listen to this.
Oh, my gosh, invaded the space. He was staring at her and everything. And it made her skin crawl. That says a lot coming from the wife of Bill Clinton. And plus as you can see here, just as a reminder, Trump was keeping a pretty big distance away from Clinton during that second debate. And he certainly was not breathing down her neck.
Here with reaction, Fox News anchor, attorney Gregg Jarrett, conservative commentator Monica Crowley. You know, here's what I remember. I think Bill Clinton was pretty creepy, Monica. I have the names Paula Jones, exposed himself, Kathleen Willey, we know that case. Juanita Broaddrick, we know that case, Monica Lewinsky. That was pretty creepy. And I'll tell you what else is creepy. All the money he took from countries that abuse women, that woman are told how to dress, they can't drive, they can't leave the country or even the house in Saudi Arabia. Never criticize them. They kill gays and lesbians and persecute Christians and Jews. That's pretty creepy. So I really, are we going to go down this road?
Gregg, there's too much hypocrisy here to really take that seriously. But the media, I was watching one network today, and they were treating this like gospel truth. Wow.
And the hypocrisy is breathtaking, Monica.
Twenty-four?
OK, guys, good to see you both.
When we come back, more "Hannity" after the break.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Unfortunately, that is all the time we have left this evening. As always we thank you for being with us. We hope you will set your DVR, never miss an episode. Our promise to you is we're never going to be like the rest of those guys, always fair and balanced.
Thanks for being with us. We'll see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 108  ***************************************************
 Really? That's news at CNN? And there's this ridiculous comment from the network's top news anchor. Watch this.
Wow, such hard-hitting news. Which brings us to CNN's political commentator, yes, the one and only Van Jones. Remember? Former Obama administration official constantly smearing and slandering the president. Now, tonight, it appears Van Jones may have some explaining to do. Why? James O'Keefe, Project Veritas, has now released a new undercover video. It features Van Jones. In the tape, he appears to admit that there's nothing to back up the left's Russia collusion narrative that has been going on 11 months!
Now, Fox hasn't independently verified the contents, but you can see it for yourself. Take a look.
And just yesterday, James O'Keefe, Project Veritas released yet another undercover tape which apparently shows a CNN producer finally just admitting the truth that the network has a massive anti-Trump agenda. OK? Yes, we haven't been able to verify it, but we have. Take a look. Watch.
Oopsy-daisy! Looks like Jones, it looks like CNN president Jeff Zucker have real serious explaining to do. Now, CNN put out a statement yesterday. They're standing by their producer, which I'm glad this guy's not going to get fired. They didn't mention anything about Zucker's, "Let's get back to Russia," comments.
Let's be clear tonight. Zucker is leading all the fake new circus at CNN. And as we said last night, all the blame for what is happening at CNN should be on his shoulders. Now, he's positioned his network to be one of the mainstream media leaders in trying to take down the president, this anti-Trump hate. He needs to be held accountable.
And tonight, I'm going to do Jeff Zucker a favor. Hey, Jeff, you want to restore any sense of credibility at your network, you need to stop trying to destroy the presidency of Donald Trump and be on a jihad agenda to attack. And if you're willing to lie and collude to do that -- really? Where are your ethics?
Instead, here's my advice, Jeff. Start focusing on the six massive scandals that should really be investigated but are not being reported by your network. James Comey admitting under oath that he had his friend leak a memo to The New York Times, hoping it would lead to a special counsel. By the way, Jeff, look into the Records Act that might've been violated. That's a felony.
And by the way, also, there's former Obama attorney general Loretta Lynch possibly obstructing justice. How? Interfering in the Clinton email investigation. Now, senators are starting to look into that. Jeff, I suggest that you and your network may want to do some investigative work here.
Now, Comey testified that Lynch told him to call the Clinton email investigation not an investigation, a "matter," and he listened! And don't forget the 40-minute tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton just says before Comey let Hillary Clinton off the hook.
And then, of course, next is Hillary Clinton's many, many scandals. Jeff, there's a lot of smoke and fire here, and there's now evidence to suggest that the original server investigation was, in fact, compromised.
Plus, there's also the Clinton Russia collusion story. That's the Uranium One deal. We had 20 percent of America's uranium, the foundational material for nuclear weapons -- she signs off a waiver. It goes to Vladimir Putin and Russia. And meanwhile, people involved in the deal are kicking back millions to the Clinton Foundation. Jeff, that's called pay- to-play. And by the way, destroying or mishandling classified information, those are both felonies.
And by the way, President Obama also has a serious Russia problem. Jeff, you might want to investigate this. Remember? After learning -- he learned in August of 2016 Russia was trying to meddle in our presidential election. Why didn't he do anything?
Also, look at Lieutenant General Michael Flynn. No matter how you feel about the guy, the only law we know that has been broken in this Russia collusion story is that they surveilled, unmasked, and then leaked intelligence on General Flynn! That's a violation of the Espionage Act.
And finally, there's a special counsel. His name is Robert Mueller. Look at the glaring potentially illegal conflicts of interest here. Mueller's BFF is Jeff -- James Comey. Members of the team that Mueller is hiring have donated to Obama and Clinton! That's called a conflict of interest. And one of the attorneys he's hired actually represented the Clinton Foundation!
So Jeff, these are six stories you at CNN, and frankly, all of you in the left-wing destroy Trump media should actually be covering instead of black helicopter theories, tinfoil hat conspiracy theories.
You know what? Maybe it's time to step up and instead of publishing fake, misleading, flat-out false news, maybe it's time to tell the American people the truth. Do some real reporting.
Now, former Governor Palin -- she's now suing the New York Times for an op- ed that was published after the shooting of Congressman Scalise. The Times editorial board incorrectly linked Palin's rhetoric to the shooting of Congresswoman Gabby Giffords. Now, the New York Times did later issue a correction. And also, today, we learned that Vice News had to retract two stories about President Trump. This never ends!
Here with reaction, the author of the brand-new book -- it's called "The Smear: How Shady Political Operatives, Fake News Control What You See, What You Think and How You Vote," the anchor of "Full Measure" on the Sinclair network, Sharyl Attkisson, and Fox News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera...
Why do I expect that right out of your mouth? Forget the important monologue I just did.
Please.
You're talking about my people...
Yes.
It was in the Oval Office. I saw it.
He was being polite, and she's even recording it!
Right.
How many times have you been on?
OK.
Hatred.
You paid a price because your network at the time, CBS, wouldn't let you report on many of the issues you were trying to report on involving President Obama. You were really -- do you agree with Geraldo, A, on the hatred -- and explain what you mean, how it literally -- you know, you talk about here shady political operatives and fake news control what Americans are seeing, thinking and how they're voting. That's profound!
Both of you agree what I'm saying about Zucker, that -- and this is what I don't understand about Time-Warner. And they've got shareholders. But they are allowing him to destroy their brand and advance what is clearly a personal agenda that he has against the president, right?
By the way, they use fake news -- they said they resigned. Bull! They didn't resign!
Fake news to cover fake news! Great.
You're so -- you always find a way to be nice.
Traumatic.
Oh, you're giving my secrets.
Personal, hate!
I got to get Sharyl real quick.
So did Geraldo!
Oh!
Boomeranging now.
All right...
The book is awesome. I love the cover, too.
Yes, really nice. All right, congratulations.
And coming up, the acting FBI director is in real hot water tonight. Circa News has put out an explosive new report about Andrew McCabe. Sara Carter, Gregg Jarrett weigh in.
Also, we have a very important mini monologue tonight. We will expose the so-called conservative that works over at NBC who is now competing to be the biggest Trump hater on that network. Here's a hint. He's now practically begging for a job from Jeff Zucker. And by the way, like he once begged for a job here at Fox News.
And Dr. Gorka and much more tonight on this breaking news night.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Tonight, another explosive story about the acting FBI director, Andrew McCabe, Circa News tonight reporting the FBI chief, McCabe, now faces three separate federal inquiries into his behavior. Now, the report details allegations into McCabe's behavior that range from sexual discrimination, improper political activity while McCabe was, in fact, a senior bureau executive.
Joining us now with more, from Circanews.com, Sara Carter, Fox News anchor, Attorney Gregg Jarrett. As I read through your daily revelations here, Sara, I see an acting FBI director that's on a bubble and may not survive.
This to me seems to be...
... the biggest problem. I mean, we don't know about the sexual allegations, harassment allegation. That will be adjudicated. But $700,000, his wife is in a race, he's involved in the Russia probe, and he is getting -- and his wife's getting the money from who? The Clintons' best friend, in part.
But if you look at everybody here, you got the deputy attorney general, Rosenstein, and his relationship with Comey, and the Mueller appointment is bad -- Comey's got issues with the Records Act, as you have been reporting...
... and then Mueller is hiring Hillary Clinton's attorney and all these attorneys that donates seriously to Obama and Hillary? He's got to get out!
You can't make this up!
Is that what -- did you grow up on the water?
I'm going to make a prediction.
OK. So Comey is in trouble. We'll see where that goes. Lynch is in bigger trouble with obstruction of justice.
Obama now has to go under oath and answer questions. Why didn't you do anything if you knew that there was meddling by Russia in August? Then you got Mueller. He has to go.
But I say, at the end of the day, the person that still has the most legal trouble -- that's the Uranium One deal, Russia kickbacks, pay-to-play, and we know she mishandled classified top secret special access program information and destroyed it! Those are felonies.
I still think Hillary will be indicted.
Hundred percent.
You know, I'll go back to you. I keep talking about the boomerang effect. Are you confident, Sara, as I am, Russia-Trump collusion -- if there was anything, it's over now. I don't see anything coming out. They've been delving into this, and even the special counsel has now moved on to other issues, which is indicative that it's gone. But do you agree that Comey's issues, Obama now has to go under oath, Lynch obstruction issues, the Flynn case is still out there, Mueller's got conflict of interest issues and then Hillary.
Is there anything else? I see it all now going against the tide for the Democrats, and it's all come back to them.
Is it going to...
Has anybody in the race with McCabe's wife ever get $700,000 for that local race? I've never heard it before.
Yes, it -- yes, exactly.
Oh, Terry McAuliffe stepping up for his good friend, the Clintons. No conflict of interest, though, that he's running and involved in the Russia probe. None at all! None whatsoever.
All right, this is only the beginning. Gregg, good to see you. Sara, great work, as always. You guys are killing it.
And coming up next on this breaking news edition tonight of "Hannity"...
All right, Rush Limbaugh letting it loose and questioning if President Trump now is the one that takes down CNN. Also, his hilarious analysis of the destroy Trump media. "The Five's" Kimberly Guilfoyle is next.
Also, joining us, recording artist Kaya Jones (ph). And later, Dr. Sebastian Gorka will weigh in on Obama's Russia problem. The former president knew about the election meddling. He did nothing! Does he need to be put under oath?
Also tonight, we expose the so-called Republican who's now trying to become the biggest liberal on cable TV straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So it's safe to say that CNN is having this major credibility crisis. By the way, our friend Rush Limbaugh is asking if President Trump could be the end of America's premier fake news network. Watch this.
Here now with reaction, recording artist Kaya Jones, the co-host of "The Five," Kimberly Guilfoyle. All right, Kaya, your first appearance. I thought Russia was funny, but when you really think about it, Donald Trump is saying fake news, fake news, fake news, and they keep falling right into the trap. I think he's right.
K.G., it's almost like every night this show writes itself because they keep pushing lies.
That's what the election was about.
Kaya, here's my question for you, though, because you come from this entertainment background, and then all of a sudden I just noticed through a lot my friends and people sending me notes on social media that you emerged as this very outspoken Trump supporter. And I've seen some of your videos, and they are very entertaining and they're also hard-hitting. But you get what K.G. and I get, too, right, you're getting the hate.
K.G.?
Not even close.
Ivanka and Melania and all these women, the Trump women get attacked. Where's Hillary, where's Pelosi, where's Feinstein? They never open their mouth.
Kaya, I'm going to give you the last word on that.
How about they stand up in being attack unfairly --
What they said about Ivanka. Really? It's pretty sickening.
And they deserve better.
Guys, good to see. Kaya, welcome to the show. Thanks for being with us.
And coming up, President Obama, he knew about Russia meddling back in August of 2016, did nothing because he thought Hillary was going to win. Should we be investigating that? The answer is yes. We'll ask Dr. Gorka.
And also we have a very important mini monologue about a host over at NBC News. He used to say he was a Republican, one of the most hinged leftist liberals in the country in his anti-Trump rant and hate. We'll explain.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So according to a recent report, President Obama new since August of 2016 that Russia was trying to influence, meddle in our presidential election. He did nothing about it. The reason is he thought Hillary Clinton would in fact win, that it was in the bag. And now President Trump wins the White House, Democrats, oh, all of a sudden they're crying foul and they've been pushing now for 11 months, Trump-Russia collusion, a phony narrative ever since.
Last night on this program we showed you a clip of President Obama from October saying that the American election system couldn't be rigged. Really? That was when he thought Hillary was going to win. Watch.
How about you stop whining, because Trump won whether you like it or not?
Here with reaction, deputy assistant to the president, Dr. Sebastian Gorka. I listen to that, and then we find he knew in August, and he didn't lift a finger to stop it because he thinks his candidate is going to win. It's in the bag. It's not a big deal. And that's the same for everybody in the media. Doesn't that prove the whole thing was fake and phony and fraudulent, Dr. Gorka?
It's that, and there never was any evidence. And they were able to advance a false narrative for 10 plus months now. And do you think the media can ever recover? We've been pointing it out, pointing it out. They're proven wrong and wrong again, print media, television, news media, they're all wrong and they've been wrong. How do they ever recover any credibility with the American people?
It's unbelievable. Well, I will say this, it's interesting to watch everything now boomerang. What are your thoughts on that?
Ouch, very well said. Dr. Gorka, thank you.
When we come back, a very important mini monologue. I will reveal to you which NBC host who said he used to be, well, he was a Republican, now one of the loudest, most irrational, unhinged liberals in the Trump hating network at NBC, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." All right, it's time to talk about one of the worst anti-Trump media personalities on TV. He was actually once a Republican Congressman. He left early for some reason. Now, he was from a conservative district in the Florida panhandle, but now he has transformed into the incredibly liberal host of "Morning Joe" on MSNBC. Now of course I'm talking about Joe Scarborough, liberal Joe.
Now tonight we break down just how vicious, nasty, one-sided, petulant, arrogant his coverage has become. And that's tonight's mini monologue, Joe.
All right, so each and every morning Joe Scarborough, he lobs baseless insults at the president, the administration, and Republicans, and by the way, real conservatives in the media. Now let's take a look at today's unhinged rant by liberal Joe.
And Joe you are a chameleon and a phony.
Now, when liberal Joe wasn't calling the president of the United States a liar, he is defending his fake news friends over at CNN. This is pretty remarkable. So yesterday liberal Joe tweeted, quote, "CNN has more integrity on its worst day than Donald Trump has on his best. Real news."
Now, liberal Joe perhaps is hoping that his favorite fake news network will hire him. Now, if that's the case, I would say his audition is going really well sucking up and kissing Jeff Zucker's ass. In fact, Joe, because I'm such a nice person I put together a reel of some of your most interesting moments of your liberal bias so you'd fit right in there in case you get fired and NBC -- in other words, the most ridiculous coverage. And by the way, you can send it over to Jeff Zucker as you suck up to him.
Hey Little Joey, you actually failed at talk radio. Let's see, we've got schmuck, liar, thug, mauling, pooping pants, what great coverage.
By the way, poor Joe, listen, if your career in fake news doesn't work out, let not your heart be troubled. I hear you have a shot at making it big with the huge Scarborough band. In case you, my viewers, are not familiar with Joe's material, let's take a look at how unhinged he is about Donald Trump, a recently released a music video. Here it is, Joe Scarborough, it's the kind of cringe-worthy so-called hit, and it's a screed against Donald Trump. Wow. It's called "Mystified." hit it.
I don't even know what to say. You two are so weird. You're so unhinged, you've lost it. I'll still pay for counseling for a year. The only thing mystifying to me other than why Scarborough made that horrific, cringe-inducing music video is why the liberal morning host is so completely obsessed with trashing the president. Maybe Joe should take a check from the song and look inside himself and ask himself if his daily biased coverage is really good for America. By the way, Joe, we are sorry you didn't get hired by Fox. I know you tried hard.
And coming up, we need your help, a very important "Question of the Day" straight ahead.
Time for our "Question of the Day." So do you think the liberal media as I believe is now finally collapsing because of their lying, their misinformation, their ideological agenda, colluding with Hillary, lying, black helicopter theories? Yes, I think so. But we want to hear from you, Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter.
That's all the time we have left this evening. As always on this program, fair and balanced. We'll see you back here tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 109  ***************************************************
 All right. A ton of breaking news tonight. I promise we'll get it all in. It's a lot. We start with this.
President Trump is slamming the Attorney General Jeff Sessions for relying on an Obama-appointed, inspector general to probe the massive FISA abuse scandal and not DOJ lawyers who actually have real prosecutorial power.
The president tweeted earlier today, quote, 'why is Attorney General Jeff Sessions asking the inspector general to investigate potentially massive FISA abuse? Well, will take forever, has no prosecutorial power and already late with reports on Comey, et cetera. Isn't the I.G. an Obama guy? Why not use the Justice Department lawyers and he writes disgraceful. '
Then the attorney general, well, he responded. He put out a statement it reads, quote: 'we have initiated the appropriate process that will ensure complaints against this department will be fully and fairly acted upon if necessary. As long as I'm the attorney general, I will continue to discharge my duties with integrity and honor and this department will continue to do its work in a fair and impartial manner, according to the law and the Constitution.' In this case, I believe the president is right.
We know from two Republican memos and their Schiff memo, the Democratic memo, that the Clinton bought and paid for dossier filled with Russian government lies and propaganda was used to spy on the Trump campaign. We know that. We also know for a fact the FBI and DOJ lied to a FISA judge about Clinton and the DNC financing the dossier. And these memos show us that this FISA application, it never mentioned Hillary or the DNC that she controlled. They never told the FISA judges.
That is called maliciously lying and purposefully deceiving FISA court judges and justices. And here's what is worse. The FBI and the DOJ they did it four separate times. One for the original warrant to spy on Carter Page and then that warrant was renewed on three separate occasions.
We have also discovered that, yes, the Trump campaign was, in fact, spied on and here is why. When the FBI got approval for that FISA warrant, using her bought and paid for dossier, it also gave them access to every one of Carter Page's old emails. That means old text messages. That means old phone calls, everything which dates back to when he was a member of the Trump campaign.
And then it gets worse. Remember, 'Politico' reported that the former top White House advisor Steve Bannon, he may have even been picked up on FBI surveillance of Page.
This is about immediate accountability. This is about the rule of law. If you did this at home, I promise you, you would be investigated and probably be on trial by now. And government officials in the end, I predict are going to go to jail over this.
So, it is time, knowing the facts as we have them, which are incontrovertible and overwhelming that the attorney general has to do his job. Serve the American people, and, yes, the rule of law and the Constitution. And Jeff Sessions, if he is not up to the task, if he wants to create a two tiered justice system -- well, we have other options. How about just appoint special counsel. That's other breaking news tonight.
And all brand new Republican congressmen, they are demanding that Jeff Sessions do that very thing. Appoint a special counsel to investigate what is massive and widening FISA abuse scandals. These lawmakers also want the special counsel to probe the corrupt Clinton email investigation. Remember the fix was in? Writing the exoneration before investigation and how the Trump-Russia investigation even started?
We just explained all the key details about Obama era FISA abuses. Here is what we know about the so-called Clinton email investigation. We know the fix was in from the beginning. We know it was predetermined. Hillary was not going to be charged.
Even those that she had on her email server which was unsecure and a mom and pop bathroom closet. And she deleted emails, acid washed, smashing BlackBerrys with a hammer.
All of that, they're all major crimes. They would send every one of you to jail out there, everyone of course not named Hillary Clinton for a long time. It never happened. Why not?
James Comey, Trump hating FBI agent Peter Strzok, other top FBI officials, they started writing the exoneration, gave her the get out of jail free card before doing their investigative work. And then there is, of course, the issue of how the Trump-Russia probe started. Here is the information we currently have. The Trump hating FBI agent Peter Strzok who was a top counter intelligence official signed the paperwork that actually kicked off this entire Russia witch-hunt.
Strzok, his FBI girlfriend, mistress and biased partisan Lisa Page, they are as corrupt as they come. And they talked about an insurance policy with who we think is the former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe. Remember that? Insurance policy. Insurance policy in case of what? Donald Trump winning the American people deciding they want him as their president?
We also have new at this hour, Hillary Clinton has zero shame. She is actually pretending tonight to be outraged. She is feigning outrage and accusing President Trump of surrendering to the Russians.
And she lashed out earlier today in a tweet writing, quote, 'I say this as a former secretary of state and as an American, the Russians are still coming. Our intelligence professionals are imploring Trump to act. Will he continue to ignore, surrender or protect our country?'
Gregg, let's talk about all of that from a legal perspective.
But the application exists. It is written.
One quick question and to interrupt, why is the judge saying the FISA judge saying that the executive branch can release this?
You agree that the president is right as it relates to Jeff Sessions?
Why would you rely on the inspector general they have no prosecutorial authority?
What do you make, David Schoen, of what this judge is saying in this particular case and very specifically, you know, the considerations involve not only prerogatives of the legislative branch but also the interest of the executive branch, including its responsibility for national security and need to maintain the integrity of any ongoing law enforcement investigation? What is she asking for there?
Go ahead. You finish sir. I'm sorry.
This is new to me in the sense that we can actually get the application before the American people.
Let -- Sara, let me go back to you. I would like to see that application. I would like to see the footnote that says it may have some political connection. But they -- we know now, everybody knew Clinton bought and paid for it. We know that nobody verified it. And we know that they went to a FISA judge because they wanted all of that information and they got what they wanted spying on an opposition party candidate in the weeks leading up to an election and for an entire year thereafter.
This is what -- how do you say that -- how do you lie to a FISA judge or any judge?
Gregg?
Is this, David, the biggest abuse of power corruption case you've seen in your lifetime? I certainly believe in mine.
Let me just focus in on one thing. On the very specific issue of purposefully withholding information lying to a FISA court judge, lying by omission, whatever you want to say?
They did it for power. They did it for power. That's what makes this so corrupt. I have got to let you all go. You've all been amazing.
Great work today, Sara. Great analysis. You are writing a book on all of this. We're going to update people soon.
And, David, thank you.
All right. When we come back, the Mooch, Anthony Scaramucci, Geraldo Rivera, Ed Henry, a lot of breaking news tonight. We'll get it all in, I promise. Stay with us.
All right. Big news tonight about a staffing change at the White House in terms of communications director Hope Hicks. She's stepping down.
Here with the very latest live from the White House, Fox News chief national correspondent Ed Henry.
Ed, I would remind our audience, I was there when it was Hope and Corey Lewandowski, and that was -- and the president. And that was pretty much the team in the beginning. I know the media has been unmerciful to her. But I watched up close how hard she worked and did an amazing job.
All right. Ed Henry at the White House tonight. Ed, as always we appreciate it.
Joining us, former White House communications director, founder, managing partner of SkyBridge Capital, Anthony 'The Mooch' Scaramucci, and Fox News correspondent at large, Geraldo Rivera.
You know what? The media is so -- they were so cruel to her as it relates to she is dating somebody.
It's none of their business number one. And then, you know, oh, she admits she told a white lie. To me, this is what a white lie is, the president would love to do the interview. He's just -- it's a nice way of saying no, or you look -- you look great when you don't think the person looks great.
And the media lies every day.
She is already 29 and has unbelievable career.
She can work at the Fox News Channel. She's good.
Agree.
You know, Geraldo, I saw from the beginning, I was there. It was her and it was Corey and it was seven days a week. And it was -- look, President Trump will wear out a lot of people, and she hung the whole time, was there the whole time.
And what's so unbelievable to me -- Geraldo, did you ever like -- you don't want to tell somebody we are never giving you the interview, we'll try. Isn't that what a white lie is? And the media has blown that up into something that it never was or getting into a personal life and cameras are following her to her apartment, in her taxicab. It's pretty despicable how they have treated her.
Anthony, I agree in the sense that she'll be missed Geraldo is also right it's the president.
Across the board by the way. I agree with you on Grenell.
I think we send Geraldo. What do you think?
I think Geraldo would do good in an Antarctica. He would find a way. They have a police siren behind him as he reports, I know him. Thank you both.
She was everyone's lifeline. There is hope with four phones and that is how she operated which was an amazing testament to her. The media is so corrupt and abusive to so many women in this administration. We will call them out on it. Good to see you. Welcome back. When we come back. The gun control debate is heating up. When I come back, I will explain to you in a mini monologue why guns and more of them are the answer not the problem. Michelle Malkin straight ahead.
All right. So the president held a bipartisan meeting at the White House today to discuss school safety. This of course in the wake of the horrific mass shooting at Stoneman Douglas high. Many Democrats used the meeting predictably to push for increased gun control. Expanded background checks. Limits on the second amendment. Tonight I want to address this topic head on and focus on what I have been telling you real solutions that will actually protect our schools without giving away our rights to keep and bear arms to law abiding Americans. Guns are not the problem. But, they can be a part of the solution. And that is tonight's mini monologue.
So the president started today's meeting by highlighting such a very important point. So often overlooked about mass shootings. Watch this.
The president is so right. You know the vast majority of these mass shootings occur inside a soft targets? This was true on February the 14th. You know, no gun-free zones they call. Like most schools in America, Stoneman Douglas is a gun-free zone with the one arm resource officer on duty who clearly was not up to the task of really defending students and teachers from an armed lunatic. I have said this over and over again.
Utilize highly trained armed former military personnel, police officers, conceal carry, guard our schools, complete thorough threat assessments, and literally provide the kids with what? I.D.'s, when in trouble or when in doubt use metal detectors. We need the people on the ground to provide a quick effective response to any threat that might arise. Put one retired military police guy on every floor.
We have armed personnel at the U.S. Capitol. We have them at the White House. We have them at airports. We have them at banks. We have them at Jewelry stores. We have them at sports stadiums. Almost every commercial building here in New York City. By the way, you think the Oscars, the Academy Awards, Sunday night is going to be a gun-free zone? I doubt it. So, why should our school children not have the same protection?
Unfortunately instead of addressing this problem and protecting our kids, you got many feigning outrage, predictable comments by all the lawmakers. They want a big government bureaucratic response that would also step on your rights to keep and bear arms.
Maybe these Democrats have already forgotten the complete and utter failure of the bureaucracy. In this case the FBI, the disaster that is the Broward county sheriff's department? They received dozens of prior warnings about the Stoneman Douglas shooter. Nothing happened. People heard something, said something and they never stopped this guy. Bureaucracy is not the solution. Taking away people's second amendment rights not the solution. When sadly, they weren't pushing big government solutions. The Democrats at today's meeting were proposing limits on the second amendment. Don't believe me? Listen to them in their own words.
Let me be clear. Allowing the federal government to place limits on our right to self-defense from threats foreign and domestic is not going to result in a safer society. Moreover it does nothing to increase school security. It does nothing to protect our kids from deranged criminals who do not care about the law. I have no doubt the Democrats', pro-government antigun arguments were well-intentioned. I don't question their intentions. They, I assume, want Americans to be safe. I have a warning, you know, the road to hell is paved with good intentions. Here now someone calling on the Broward county sheriff's office to release the footage of their response during the Stoneman Douglas shooting. She is the host of Michelle Malkin investigates CR-TV Michelle Malkin. You know, I have never heard -- we saw on 9/11 cops going up. EMT, firefighters going up when they knew what could potentially befall them as everyone else was racing down. I never in my life heard of one cop that in a situation like that stayed outside to have four tells me this had to be protocol. That is my belief. Thoughts?
Michelle, 39 times they went to this kid's house. He couldn't bring a backpack to school. Two specific FBI warnings and a screen shot he wants to be a professional school shooter.
Is there anything else we need before we start talking about taking away people's Second Amendment rights and if we had security, armed security, retired military police, I would prefer them there if I'm in a building that has an active shooter.
I have got to run because of the constraints of time. Let me say this. We can even have these people do this for free. Retired military police. Do you know how you do it? No state, no income tax if you contribute 15, 20 hours a week. None. You don't pay any taxes at all. How about that? That will hardly be noticed. All right. Michelle, thank you. When we come back, Hillary Clinton's hypocritical Russian feigned outrage, really? Dr. Gorka, Larry Elder next.
Earlier today Hillary Clinton has the audacity of accusing President Trump ignoring the cyber security threat posed by Russia. The twice failed presidential candidate warning quote, the Russians are still coming. Here with reaction Fox News National security strategist Sebastian Gorka, nationally syndicated radio talk show host Larry Elder. Dr. Gorka, where do I begin, the dossier, the uranium one, or the reset?
Larry?
Such a good point. Dr. Gorka, respond to that when you think that all that they ignore, it is so profound in how they cover for their ideology and it's so pervasive.
Larry, the final word.
Yes. Well said. Guys, right on target. Thank you both. When we come back the video of the day you will love and Hannity hotline that will entertain you, straight ahead.
All right time for our video of the day. It is a site you don't see very often. A deer running for the street in Louisville, Kentucky, making a splash -- watch it, jumps off a guard rail, falls into the Ohio River. The deer was fine, and there is a happy ending. It swam away. Wow. Pretty amazing. All right. Time for you to hit me with your best shot on the "Hannity hotline."
You should be happy. You get an extra drink every time I say you, the American people. By the way I don't actually chew my pen. All I do is pull the thing out and spin it like this. I don't know why I do this stuff. Thanks for pointing it all out. Anything you want to say, there is the number on your screen 8772258587. We are not the destroy Trump media always fair and balance. Thank you for being with us. Let not your heart be troubled.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 110  ***************************************************
 Right in my hands, brand new at this hour, bombshell revelations from the Grassley-Graham memo, major parts -- this is the memo from yesterday -- have now been unredacted, huge parts yesterday.
Now, the memo was providing further evidence that the FISA court was lied to by the FBI in order to get a warrant to spy on the Trump campaign and there's new information that Christopher Steele may have lied to the FBI about briefing media outlets. There's a lot to cover. We're going to go through it slowly. We'll do it together.
Now, the memo starts with this -- this is page one of the memo right here. "On the face, the dossier, it appears that Mr. Steele gathered much of his information from Russian government sources inside of Russia and according to the law firm Perkins Coie, Mr. Steele's dossier related efforts were funded through Fusion GPS by that law firm on behalf of the Democratic National Committee and the Clinton campaign."
Let's pause here. Hillary Clinton is paying Steele to spread Russian lies and Russian propaganda. I'll read it again because this is important. "Much of the information from Russian government sources inside of Russia." Isn't that what the media has been investigating for the better part of a year here? Oh, so keep that in mind as we move forward.
Here's another key portion: it appears that either Mr. Steele lied to the FBI or to the British court that the classified documents reviewed by the committee contain materially false statements.
And then the memo goes on to read, "In response to the committee's inquiries, the chairman and ranking member received briefing. March 15, 2017, from then-Director James Comey." Then the memo goes on to say, "That briefing addressed the Russia investigation, the FBI's relationship with Mr. Steele and the FBI's reliance on Mr. Steele's dossier in two applications that it filed for surveillance under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. Then, March 17, 2017, the chairman and ranking member were provided copies of the two relevant FISA applications which requested authority to conduct surveillance of Carter Page. Both relied heavily on Mr. Steele's dossier claims and both applications were granted by the foreign intelligence court. In December 2017, the chairman, ranking member and subcommittee Chairman Graham were allowed to review a total of four FISA applications relying on the dossier to seek surveillance of Mr. Carter Page as well as numerous other FBI documents related to Mr. Steele."
Now, the next paragraph -- this is interesting, this is highly redacted here, I wonder what's in that. Then the following paragraph, follow along: Similarly in June of 2017, the former FBI Director Comey testified publicly before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence that he had briefed President-elect Trump on the dossier's allegations in January -- when he was president-elect just before he's sworn into office -- January 2017, which Mr. Comey described to then President-elect Trump as salacious and unverified.
"When asked at the March 2017 briefing why the FBI then relied on the dossier in the FISA applications absent meaningful corroboration and in the light of the highly political motive surrounding its creation, then Director Comey stated that the FBI included the dossier allegations about Carter Page in the FISA applications because Mr. Steele himself was considered reliable due to his past work with the FBI."
Now later on that page, the memo reads, it goes: "The bulk" -- pay close attention -- "the bulk of the FISA application," put that back up on the screen, "consist of allegations against Page that were disclosed to the FBI by Mr. Steele and also outlined in the Steele dossier." The application appears to contain no additional information corroborating the dossier allegations against Mr. Page, although it does cite to a news article that appears to be sourced to Mr. Steele's dossier as well.
Let's just stop right here. The entire bulk of the FISA application came from the dossier. This dossier, well, they're relying on a guy that was being paid for by the Clinton campaign and by the DNC funneling the money, Fusion GPS got the money through the law firm both the DNC and the Clinton campaign used. There was no verification of any of this, it was just based on the dossier. And the fact that they say, well, he was reliable in the past.
And then imagine this in October when they file for the first application for FISA against the Trump campaign, well, three months later in January, James Comey is saying that it's salacious and unverified. So, why three months earlier did they go before a FISA court and present it as the bulk of evidence. Do you see where we're going here?
Now, here's what page three of this memo says. "(Redacted), the FBI discussed the reliability of the unverified information provided by Mr. Steele in footnotes 8 and 18 of the FISA warrant application. First, the FBI noted a vaguely limited extent the political origins of the dossier."
Stop right there -- they knew it was funded by Hillary Clinton and the DNC. They never told the FISA court that important piece of information. I think the FISA court probably would have made a big impression considering this is the bulk of their case -- the dossier -- if it was coming from one campaign against another campaign in the lead-up to an election.
Now in footnote eight, the FBI stated the dossier information was compiled pursuant to the direction of a law firm who had hired and identified U.S. person now known as Glenn Simpson, Fusion GPS, then redacted. The application failed to disclose that the identities of Mr. Simpson's ultimate clients or the Clinton campaign and the DNC.
Why would the FBI in making a FISA application against an opposition party in an election year and knowing it's paid for by the Clinton campaign in the DNC, why would they not tell the FISA court judge? That to me is a serious omission and one that states there's a political motive behind all of this.
Now, let's just go back a little further. Remember, this is the same James Comey, this is the same FBI that in fact in spite of a mountain of evidence that Hillary Clinton mishandled classified information, destroyed and deleted 33,000 subpoenaed emails and then used acid wash and then BleachBit and then busted up you know different devices with hammers, the same people that kept her in the race are now working on her behalf again and they're doing it in this case by not telling the full truth of the FISA court.
We continue -- "The FBI stated to the FISA court that based on Steele's previous reporting and history with the FBI whereby Steele provided reliable information to the FBI, the FBI believes Steele's reporting to be credible." In short, it appears the FBI relied on admittedly uncorroborated information funded by and obtained for Secretary Clinton's presidential campaign in order to conduct surveillance of an associate of an opposing presidential candidate. It did -- these are -- this is -- right here in this, right here. It did so based on Mr. Steele's personal credibility and presumably having faith in his process of obtaining information.
Wow. They didn't tell the court any of this? They didn't tell the court where the money came from? They didn't tell the court they also knew at that time that Steele hated Trump because Trump -- because Steele mentioned it to Bruce Ohr. We'll get to that in a minute.
But there is substantial evidence suggesting that Mr. Steel materially misled the FBI about a key aspect of his dossier efforts, one which bears on his credibility, and it starts redacted. Yet, the FISA applications note the existence of a news article dated September 23, 2016, which in particular contained some of the same dossier information about Mr. Page compiled by Mr. Steel on which the FBI relied in its application.
While not explicitly stated, this is presumably the article written by Michael Isikoff of Yahoo News titled "U.S. Intel Officials Probe Ties Between Trump Advisor and Kremlin".
Now, "(Redacted), the application attempts to explain away the inconsistency between Steele's assertion to the FBI and the existence of the article apparently to shield Mr. Steele's credibility on which it still relied for the renewal request of the FISA application -- you got to renew it every 90 days. And it said, "Given that the information contained in the September 23rd news article generally matches the information about Page that Steele discovered doing his/her research, (redacted.)"
Now, stop for a second. So, they used the same information from the same person they presented to the court like they're two separate but yet corroborating pieces of information to put emphasis to the court, oh, see, we've got two sources. The only problem is the source of the Yahoo News article was the same source of the dossier is the same guy that didn't want Trump to win and is the same guy that was being paid by the Clinton campaign. This is so corrupt.
And here's what's on page four, got it right here, all of this, right here. In footnote nine of its January 2017 application -- this is the first renewal of the FISA warrant -- in this case for Mr. Page, the FBI again addressed Mr. Steele's credibility. This is three months later. Remember, that's the same January where James Comey told President Trump, it's salacious and it's unverified. So, that same month, they go in for a renewal.
Back to the document, the FBI noted that it had suspended their relationship with Mr. Steel in October of 2016 because of Steele's, quote, "unauthorized disclosure of information of the press." Now, the FBI relayed that Steele had been bothered by the FBI's notification to Congress in October of 2016 about the reopening of the Clinton investigation. Remember that happened just before the election.
And as a result, Steele independently and against prior admonishment from the FBI to speak with only the FBI on this matter, released the reporting discussed here in, dossier allegations against Page to an identified news organization. However, the FBI continued to still cite Mr. Steele's past work as evidence three months later of his reliability. At the same time, they're telling Donald Trump its unverified and salacious, and that incident that led to the FBI suspending their relationship with Mr. Steel occurred after steel provided the FBI with the dossier information described in the application.
Now, the FBI further asserted in footnote 19 that it did not believe that Steele directly gave information to Yahoo News that published this September 23 news article.
Now in the next paragraph, this is what it reads. "In defending Mr. Steele's credibility to the FISA court, the FBI had posted an innocuous explanation for the September 23 article based on the assumption that Mr. Steele had told the FBI the truth about his press contacts and the FBI then vouched for him twice more using the same rationale in subsequent renewal applications," you know, "filed with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court in April and in June of 2017."
Now, here's the important part of page five. "The first of these filings was publicly reported in the U.S. media in April of 2017. Yet, the FBI did not subsequently disclose to the FISA court the evidence suggesting that Steele had lied to the FBI. Instead, the application still relied primarily" -- remember the bulk of the application is the phony Clinton bought and paid for dossier. Go back to-- scroll down, just a hair back up the other way. The bulk of the application. So, instead, the application is still -- we're now six months into this thing -- relied on his credibility even though the FBI knew he was not credible at this point, especially as it relates to the media incident, which pushed him out of the FBI's way in October, the same month the first FISA warrant was granted.
Now, here's what's on page six. "Whether Mr. Steele lied to the FBI about his media contacts is relevant for at least two reasons. First, it's relevant to his credibility as a source particularly given the lack of corroboration for his claims, at least at the time they were included in the FISA applications. Second, it is relevant to the reliability of his information gathering efforts. Mr. Steele conducted his work for Fusion GPS compiling the pre-election memoranda between June and early November 2016."
Now, there was this British litigation, these talks about it in the Grassley and Graham memo here tonight. Mr. Steele acknowledged briefing journalists about the dossier memorandum in late summer autumn 2016. Yes, he was the source for Isikoff.
Now, unsurprisingly during the summer of 2016, reports of at least some of the dossier allegations began to circle -- circulating among reporters and people involved in Russia issues. Mr. Steele also admitted in the British litigation to briefing journalists from the Washington Post, Yahoo News, The New Yorker, the shh-hole network, fake news CNN in September of 2016.
Simply put, the more people who contemporaneously knew that Mr. Steele was compiling his dossier, the more likely it was vulnerable to manipulation. In fact, in the British litigation which involves a post-election dossier memorandum, Steele admitted he had received and included it, unsolicited, unverified allegations. That filing implies that he similarly received unsolicited intelligence on these matters prior to the election as well, stating that Mr. Steele continued to receive unsolicited intelligence -- now pay close attention -- on matters covered by the pre-election memorandum after the U.S. presidential election.
Now, the next paragraphs redacted. It goes on: "One memorandum by Mr. Steele that was not published by BuzzFeed is dated October 19, 2016. The report alleges, (redacted) as well, (redacted), Mr. Steele's memorandum states that his company received this report (redacted) U.S. State Department, that the report was the second in a series and that the report" -- pay close attention -- "was information that came from a foreign sub source who is in touch with, (redacted), a contact of, (redacted), a friend of the Clintons who passed it to, (redacted.)
What does this tell you?
Towards the -- it's a separate crime.
James Comey committed crimes?
So, the bulk of the warrant was based on unverified information bought and paid for by the Clinton campaign against an opposing candidate that they never corroborated?
Is that how things work?
Sara, last night, you were talking about the redacted that redacted redacted names here, but information coming from the from Clinton campaign sources. I read it and I'd love to see the names in there and those redacted parts. I read it that Clinton friends and associates were feeding Christopher Steele information and he was running with it, and then that became part of the dossier which became the bulk of the FISA warrant.
What about Comey's -- what about Comey's flimsy excuse, while he had given us good information in the past, doesn't -- before the FBI, Sebastian, goes, Dr. Gorka, goes before a FISA court applying to spy on an opposition candidate, they downplay who paid for it, they purposely hide that from the court. But don't they have some obligation to see if it's true at all beyond oh we like this guy, we work with them in the past?
Stay on that thought. She bought a warrant. We'll pick it up. Our panel stays with us.
And much more. Wait until you see this tape of Congressman Adam Schiff, straight ahead.
All right. As we continue with Sebastian Gorka, Sarah Carter, Gregg Jarrett are with us.
The bulk -- the bulk of the application was the Clinton bought and paid for dossier.
I can't believe this happened, Sara, in the United States of America. I cannot believe that this was allowed to happen. And the great irony is this is Russian paid for, Russian government propaganda and lies that she paid for and became the bulk of a FISA warrant to spy on an opposition Party candidate just prior to an election and an incoming President-Elect. What other evidence now do we need?
They don't pay him but they vouch for him. They don't mention to the FISA court how much Steele hates Trump. They never mention this was paid for by Clinton and her campaign and the DNC. They purposefully lying to a court, Gregg Jarrett. They are lying to a FISA court. FISA means ok, secret, top secret, and spy on American citizens. On this case a Presidential candidate, but all the information is coming from your opponent. Why bother to tell the Judge that part.
Who is in legal jeopardy tonight, Gregg Jarrett?
The irony, real quick, we are running out of time. The irony of all of this is Hillary Clinton paid for Russian lies, Dr. Gorka and Sara.
Sara. That is the irony of all of this and the media betrayed the American people, a huge part of this story. They never had any facts. They hype it up. They breathlessly reported false information day after day, night after night.
Don't hold your breath.
They will attack you. They will attack me, Gregg.
Facts are the facts, great point. Gregg, we have got to roll.
People at the Department of Justice and FBI and eve those who left better have good criminal lawyers representing them. We need, if Jeff Sessions, we need a special counsel. We need it now. Read this report. When we come back, Dan Bongino, Lanny Davis weigh in. Then later Jessica Tarlov, Jesse Watters, you got to see this Congressman Adam Schiff got pranked by Russian comedians promising dirt on President Trump. I thought that was bad if you forget they offered dirt from Russia. That is next.
Fox News chief national correspondent Ed Henry joins us. He has been going through this Grassley memo that has now been un-redacted. All right, Ed, from your side we went over a lot of it what caught your attention.
Not to the rank and file. We always have to make that distinction. These are the few people at the top.
I'm just saying that, because I don't want to taint these guys that work to save our country every day. Great report. Ed Henry in Washington.
Thank you for being with us. Joining us now former secret service agent Dan Bongino and also with us. I quoted his next book for years, tell the truth. Tell it all. Tell it early. Tell yourself. Well he is back, he got a brand new book Lanny Davis called the unmaking of the President 2016. How the FBI Director James Comey cost Hillary Clinton the presidency. I disagree with the conclusion. But you are a good writer. I love the book. Former White House special counsel Lanny to the President Lanny Davis. Here what happens we know in this case? We can't even argue politics, especially with the Clintons, because you just love the Clintons. But here's what we do know tonight and I think you will agree, actually. So we know that what they are reporting in the senate report is that Mr. Steele gathered much of his information from Russian government sources inside of Russia. We also know that Hillary associates, according to this memo tonight, also were feeding Steele information. We know that Steele was paid by Clinton and the DNC through the law firm. Then, we know the bulk of the FISA that was brought on Page and the Trump campaign was because of the Steele dossier. Not verified. Paid for by an opposition candidate. Unverified information. Did you ever hear of anything like this in your life?
OK. But the reality is unverified information that came from Russia of all places, and that was paid for, Clinton paid for the dossier. That is a fact. It's indisputable. It's incontrovertible and then used to apply for a FISA warrant and became the bulk of the FISA application.
Not the rank and file, correct.
Listen. With all due respect, this is a problem, because these are the same people Dan Bongino that overlooked her mishandling of classified information, her deleting of 33,000 emails. Acid washed, bleach bit and then busting up devices so that she could continue. They wrote an exoneration before an investigation. The investigation happened in July. They were writing the exoneration in May.
Dan.
To get a warrant on opposing candidate with information paid for by the other candidate that is not verified, turns out to be Russian sources, I would think you want election integrity. That is what your book is all about. Why doesn't this bother you as much?
Recused himself.
I got to roll. Adam Schiff next.
All right one of the MSE-NBC contributor anti-Trump crusader, Congressman Adam Schiff, he is so obsessed with proving Trump-Russia collusion a year and a half later this guy got prank so bad last year by Russian comedians pretending to have dirt on President Trump. Wait a minute, I thought that was wrong if the Russians have dirt you can't want it and ask for it and conspire to get it, can you? Listen.
He wants information from a foreign government, Russia to use against the President. And we reached out to the soon to be want to be MSNBC contributor Adam Schiff and his office for a comment. We are still waiting for a response. However his office told the Atlantic that he suspected the call was bogus when you look at the email trail. I'm not buying it. Here now is the co-host of "The Five." The host of Watters world, it's his world, we live in it, Jesse Watters, you got to do the thing. And Fox News contributor, it's not her world, apparently Jessica Tarlov.
OK. The news tonight, so we have Hillary Clinton not only is her team feeding Christopher Steele, but she is paying for Russian lies from the Russian government we find out. Then, she is using that -- well, first to lie to the American people and influence them with lies, paid for lies. But then it's used as the bulk of the reason by Comey. We know that Christopher Steele is a Trump hater. We know it's unverified. The basis of a FISA warrant against an opposition Party in the lead up to an election and then to undermine a President-Elect and his team. Now, Jessica, please tell me you are not going to defend what is a defenseless position for you?
The initial.
It wasn't the initial, read.
OK, good.
Nunes.
That is mean. I was coffee person once, you know.
This coffee person. I used to be a dishwasher. I'm sorry you are setting on my set.
OK. That is not a coffee person.
Hold on. It's unverified. Paid for by Hillary. Purposely didn't tell the court that the Hillary's campaign and the DNC paid for it.
They didn't know it was from Hillary.
They never would have gotten it.
I got to go. I would say, hang on. I have got to roll. TKO for Watters and his role tonight. Straight ahead.
Unfortunately that is all the time we have left this evening. This story is literally now unfolding minute by minute, hour by hour, the good news is everything we have been telling you is true. This is the much bigger story, there was Russian collusion. It was with the Hillary campaign. They paid for Russian lies to manipulate the American people. And then it was used to get a FISA and it was never verified, shocking. We will never be the destroy-Trump media. We will see you tomorrow night. Let not your heart be troubled, here is.
Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 111  ***************************************************
 All right. Massive breaking news at this hour about the Clinton bought and paid for fake news Russian propaganda dossier, that, of course, was used by the Obama administration to obtain FISA warrants to surveil members of the Trump campaign and then the president-elect. Our own Ed Henry is reporting that in two closed door meetings this week, House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes that he told Republican lawmakers that he has seen evidence showing clear abuse of government surveillance programs by the FBI and Department of Justice officials.
Ed Henry is also reporting that Nunes told his colleagues that he plans to share evidence of this abuse with the entire House later this month.
Now, this is a major development but, as we have been saying, there is so much more information that needs to come out and it will because I'm telling you this is the beginning of a massive historic scandal. It's unfolding unlike anything this country has ever seen before.
This is going to reach the very highest levels of your government, including the DOJ, the FBI, the intel community. Sara Carter tonight reporting and we have confirmed with our sources that as soon as next week, examples of systemic FISA abuses will in fact be revealed. And the unbiased so-called journalists, well, they should be able to see this as the major story it is worthy of further investigation.
But as the media in this country so abusively biased and so anti-Trump that they can no longer care about simple, basic fundamental truth, our Constitution, our freedoms, our liberties? Does the media not care about any of this?
The media as we have been pointing out nightly is so bad at this point in time in history and so radically left in their ideology that in fact, sadly true facts, they don't get through to them. The only thing that seems to matter is destroying and delegitimizing President Trump. That has been their only objective for over a year. You see it happening day after day, hour after hour. It's pretty disgusting, it's pathetic, it's a disservice, it's disgraceful to you the American people.
But it's why we are going to keep asking the tough questions here on this program and we'll keep getting information that the American people, all of you deserve to know.
Now, also tonight, the president is eviscerating FBI agent Peter Strzok and his FBI lawyer mistress Lisa Page over anti-Trump text messages. The president is telling the Wall Street Journal, quote, a man is tweeting to his lover that if she loses, we'll essentially go back to the insurance policy, which is, they lose, we'll go to phase 2? And we will get this guy out of office?
Kind of refreshing. That was a Democrat being honest for once.
Now, there are reportedly 10,000 total messages between Strzok and Page. We have only gotten a fraction of them. Now, that scandal is only going to get bigger.
Now, in addition to his comments about Peter Strzok to the Wall Street Journal, President Trump is also taking aim at Congressman Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House Intel Committee by saying, quote: he left meetings where people are being interviewed and, all of the sudden, they say a story about what's going on inside the meetings, it's probably illegal what he is doing but the Democrats -- well, they know it's a hoax, an excuse for them having lost the election.
Now, while it's unclear if Schiff has been leaking, we know for a fact that another top ranking Democrat has been leaking. President Trump is continuing to slam who he is now calling sneaky Senator Dianne Feinstein because she unilaterally released the Fusion GPS testimony before Congress and Trump tweeted: Democrat Dianne Feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization. Very disrespectful to committee members and possibly illegal.
Now, she blamed her poor decision by the way on the fact that she had a cold, I bet in school the dog ate her homework.
And while Feinstein's actions are threatening to disrupt the Senate's investigation releasing the transcript provided some very revealing information about Fusion GPS and their founder Glenn Simpson. Simpson actually testified he never even bothered to verify with the former British spy Christopher Steele had actually put in the Russian sourced phony dossier. He also admitted that he was against Trump during the election.
So, clearly, Simpson was more than happy to take over $10 million from Hillary Clinton and the DNC that she is running and put this dossier together that they then tried to use to influence the American people. Oh, Russian propaganda to influence an election. Bought and paid for by Hillary. And then a FISA warrant.
And finally tonight, Judicial Watch is scoring another major legal victory. Federal judge is ordering the State Department to ramp up the release of Hillary Clinton's email from her time as secretary of state and according to Judicial Watch, the FBI discovered 72,000 pages of documents last year that Clinton either tried to delete or did not disclose.
You cannot make this stuff up. If I wrote the most obscene spy novel, you couldn't make this up. The author of "Trumped Up: How Criminalization of Political Differences Endangers Democracy", Harvard constitutional law professor Alan Dershowitz, Fox News contributor Sara Carter, Judicial Watch president Tom Fitton,
Sara, because you have been on the forefront this week, we now know that the dossier bought and paid for by Hillary with salacious lies was used to get a FISA warrant against --
Professor, let me go to you. You make some really good point as it relates to the partisan aspect of all this. I'm a conservative. I'm a proud conservative, I don't hide any of that.
But we learned a lot that the fix was in. I want to use this analogy, that the fix was in, poor Bernie Sanders and his supporters, they had no shot at all whatsoever and even Donna Brazile admits that. Then have you Comey and Strzok , I don't believe I have ever heard of a case where you write exoneration letters months before you interviewed the people involved in an investigation. They didn't do the investigation, but they are writing an exoneration.
Then it seems with the Russian dossier that they are trying to put the fix in there by using bought and paid for Russian propaganda we now learn and then you take it a step further, and that information was put before a FISA court and a warrant issued. As a constitutional scholar, I hope you are as afraid as I am about these issues, about the corrupt nature of all of this and the -- and our constitutional rights in jeopardy here.
Agree.
Let me follow up with the dossier, it was partisan, bought and paid for. Remember, Christopher Steele didn't come on board with fusion until Hillary and the DNC were paying for it, but that dossier used to obtain at least in part, maybe significantly as Sara is reporting, to get a FISA warrant on a opposition candidate and a president-elect. Seems like Fourth Amendment crisis here in many ways.
Yes, sir.
He did he admit today he used tough language but he denied -- we will get into this later in the show, but he denied what Durbin said, Sonny Perdue and another senator in the room said they didn't hear it. But we're going to get to that.
Sara, before I get to Tom, I want to follow up on something that Professor Dershowitz was saying, I have one source, I don't have two, that actually told me that there was one confirmation as it relates to the dossier. And I was given a name.
And it happens to be somebody that is a corrupt individual inside the Clinton circles and you know -- I can tell by your face, you know exactly what I'm talking.
Then the court may have been lied.
I agree.
Tom, tell us what Judicial Watch is doing.
These are the ones deleted and we haven't seen any of them yet.
All about yoga, a wedding, a funeral, emailing Bill who doesn't email.
This is important because Devin Nunes. I will let you report on this but --
Extensive abuse.
Let me go to the professor.
Professor Dershowitz --
-- what Devin Nunes is saying that there is clear evidence of massive abuse of government surveillance by the FBI and Department of Justice officials. I don't -- I'm a civil libertarian first and foremost, sir.
It doesn't matter.
If you believe in the Constitution and our constitutional rights, noble should disagree with that.
Last word, Tom.
A lot of news coming next week?
A lot.
All right. Stay with this program. You won't get it in the rest of the media.
When we come back, Ed Henry is here and latest reaction to remarks. Also comments made by Nancy Pelosi, disparaging male colleagues.
So there is a lot of drama right here in Washington, D.C. The sewer, the swamp over comments that President Trump made on immigration reform and also there is controversy surrounding remarks made by Nancy Pelosi that the media -- well, they won't talk about that.
Here with insight into all of this, FOX News chief national correspondent - - good to see you, Ed Henry.
All right. Ed Henry, thanks so much. You are going to stay with us.
We are also bring in former White House press secretary and FOX News contributor Ari Fleischer.
Ari, you were commenting on this last night. Now, I'm asking as irredeemable deplorable human being that clings to God, my bible and I believe in the Second Amendment and my religion.
You were saying in his report that he admits he used tough language.
Let me move on, because this really all comes down to the immigration debate. It seems like chain migration will end as part of this. It seems inarticulate, not, whoever said what. We'll let the Washington people figure it all out. But he is talking about a merit based system from the way I understand it.
The wall seems nonnegotiable for the president. And DACA seems to be part of the deal if the wall is included.
Ari, I make this point often. You always get the spending increases. You never get the tax cut. You can go back to 1986 and the Reagan deal. You always get the consideration the amnesty, you never get the wall built.
Interestingly, and I have played it the last couple of nights, all the Democrats sounded like Donald Trump only five years ago.
This is important.
He's got to be given the money as part of any deal or he is making a mistake. And I would think, show me the money to quote a famous film.
The wall should be built first.
Ed?
Don't you think the Democrats want DACA so bad?
Five years ago, they wanted 700 miles of border fence.
Chuck Schumer.
Ari?
All right. Guys, good to see you both. Appreciate it. A lot more coming up on this busy breaking news night. President Obama taking more swipes at the Fox News channel. Newt Gingrich will react as we continue from our nation's capital with a special edition of "Hannity."
All right, well, yes, she is at it again. President Obama he has been out of office almost a year, but in an interview on David Letterman's new Netflix show the former president can't get over it. Again, taking swipes at Fox News. Watch this.
He still kind of stuck there let's take a walk down memory lane. This is not the first time Obama has taken shots at Fox News or yours truly. You may remember some of this.
I didn't vote for you either. Anyway, here with reaction the author of the bestselling book "Vengeance" former speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich. You are laughing. I'm laughing, too. I forgot the good old days. There is some truth in what he is saying in this regard. I think we have a series of scandals and looking at Devon Nunes today that the abuse of government surveillance by the FBI is so bad and all that we are uncovering here is so bad, he is right, the mainstream media, you know, they want to destroy Trump and they loved him. It's that simple.
Done.
Done.
Let's talk about the media in this sense. They spent a year, Mr. Speaker. There's no evidence of Trump-Russia collusion. We played the montage of Democrats saying there is no evidence of collusion. Yet, we do have evidence of unbelievable instance of abusing the weapons of intelligence and surveilling, unmasking, and leaking raw intelligence. We know that the fix was in with Hillary and Bernie. We know that the fix was in Comey and Strzok, rigged -- they had an exoneration before even an investigation.
We know that Hillary paid for a dossier full of Russian propaganda. We know that dossier now was used to get FISA warrants to spy on opposition candidate and a president-elect and his team. And I'm not even talking about uranium one or Debbie Wassermann Schultz. There seems to be -- there are two realities here. And the media has chosen a reality of partisanship and conspiracy theories. Either that or I'm wrong, but they didn't think Trump could win and people like you and me were right.
You are describing it perfectly to be honest. Nobody really want to know what truly motivates us, but that is a separate issue. As a practical matter, can I shoot off a litany of Obama's statistics and what his true record is on the economy? You mentioned Iran. You think he can bribe murdering thug dictators and not mention radical Islamic terrorism and in a year of Trump, you can compare policy significant changes with tangible results. But the media won't talk about any of it.
Mr. Speaker we always appreciate you being with us. Have a great weekend. We will see you next week. When we come back on this special edition of Hannity, Nancy Pelosi believes giving thousands of dollars to you the American people is only crumbs. Really? We'll explain.
All right in December under President Trump's leadership a sweeping new tax reform bill was passed and the American economy is now booming. The stock market again at all-time high and just yesterday Walmart announced that many of its employees are going to receive $1,000 bonus making Wal-Mart the latest American company to give bonuses to its employees in the wake of the tax reform bill. But Democratic house minority leader Nancy Pelosi wants you to know that these bonuses amount to little more than crumbs. Watch this.
Really? A thousand dollars? I will take a thousand bucks. This arrogant dismissal of the surging economy is nothing new for Democrats and liberal lawmakers have been spreading the doom and gloom message about Trump's economic strategy for months. But they have been wrong. Watch this.
Yes. They want to poison the air, water, and kill children. Here with reaction White House senior advisor for strategic communication Mercedes Schlapp. Obama is the only president in history that never reached 3 percent GDP. We had 13 million more Americans on food stamps. 8 Million more on poverty. Lowest labor participation in the 70's. Worst recovery since the 1940s, lowest home ownership rate in 50 years and he doubled the debt. Really?
What happened?
We have two million fewer people on food stamps. When you -- everything is broken down by demographics.
African-Americans are doing better in the last year than they did under how many years under Obama?
The same with the economy. Same with consumer confidence. Same with home ownership rates.
White House how many weeks and have a nickname for everybody?
How rich is negative Nancy?
Did we pay for her gulf stream to go to San Francisco and back when she was speaker.
Even CBS, I don't know if you saw when they got three American families.
All getting a significant tax cut. We played that so starting in the first week of February, people will see more money in their paychecks.
By the way, I'm not one of them. I lived in New York a high tax state.
That is real money.
Do you like your new job?
We miss you here, but you will come back I hope.
We have a lot more "Hannity," including, more great calls from the "Hannity hotline." Earlier this week one said every time I open my mouth I kill a kitten, straight ahead.
As we continue on "Hannity," the "Hannity hotline" overflowing with messages. Let us get right to it. Let's take a listen.
Were some people drinking when they made those calls? Really? Do I deserve that much hate? Somebody said earlier this week, every time I open my mouth I kill a kitten. Anyway we still want to hear from you, call that that number 8772258587. We're out of time. That is all the time we have this evening. Let not your heart be troubled. The news continues, Laura Ingraham is next. Have a great weekend, a lot of news breaking as we hope you joins us, see you back.
Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 112  ***************************************************
 Big question. James Rosen, thank you tonight from Washington.
Now this whole thing, I tell you was a house of cards, it is beginning to crash down. I promise you there is a lot more information that is still not come out as of yet. Tick tock to all of our friends out there on Twitter, because we are only scratching the surface here.
For example, Sara Carter reporting tonight, House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes will issue a subpoena to Bruce Ohr for information about his meetings regarding this anti-Trump dossier. And also tonight, House lawmakers grilling the FBI Director Christopher Wray on Capitol Hill about new information regarding the Trump hating FBI agent Peter Strzok after Strzok was fired from Robert Mueller's investigation. Why? For bashing Trump in text messages to his FBI official girlfriend, also part of the team.
Now, before we show you the video, remember Strzok signed the document that started the entire Russian investigation. And Strzok's team was assigned to handle the dossier when it was first given to the FBI. And Strzok oversaw the interview a former National Security Adviser Lieutenant General Michael Flynn. Andy played a key role in the Clinton email investigation -- this guy never slept -- including, by the way, attending Hillary's FBI interview that was not under oath. He was also there at the interviews of Clinton's top aides, Huma Abedin, Cheryl Mills, who we know lied and Strzok is responsible for changing the key language in James Comey's statement that exonerated Hillary Clinton before the investigation from grossly negligent, which is the legal standard, to extremely careless.
Now they have all of this information, take a look at this show down, it is epic from today.
You watch today, you saw something that we have been telling you now for a long time that other networks that say that they are fair, and balanced, objective and they consider themselves to be real journalists, never talk about. Pretty amazing.
Peter Strzok, that is the Trump hating, Clinton loving FBI agent, he is tied to everything. Including the fake news dossier. Watch very closely, an amazing moment, Congressman Jim Jordan connecting all of the dots. You know, kind of like we have been doing on the show. Why? Because it is the truth. Something missing in today's world of so-called journalism, which I said was dead back in '08. Take a look.
Now, what Congressman Jordan is talking about, and what we have now been getting at for months is that this is critical to the entire so-called Russian investigation. You have everybody in the liberal, mainstream, destroy-Trump-media trying to make this all about nonexistent Trump-Russia collusion. It has been a year, no evidence. But they have all been missing the point and frankly deliberately misleading and lying to you, the American people. They are lazy and they are overpaid. It is pathetic.
The big story and all of this is the growing possibility, yes, it is emerging, that the FBI used the Clinton bought and paid for Russian dossier to obtain a FISA warrant to spy on American citizens that were connected to candidate and then-President-elect Trump. Now, that would be weaponizing the very powerful tools and using them against an opposition party in an election year.
Now, let's be clear here. It is not a smoking gun quite yet, but it is coming. But that is all where the signs now are pointing to. We will follow this every single step of the way, we are ahead of the curve. Please stay with us.
And one more very important point. Can anyone explain to me, anybody at all, how Robert Mueller's investigation can be described as fair, impartial, not bias? Let's imagine for just a second that it is you, it is your family member or somebody that you love and care about, your friends. Would you really want Robert Mueller and his team a partisan political hacks investigating you? Would you want a group of people who donated over $50,000 to the Democrats and filled with unethical officials and attorneys coming after you, that hate one candidate, love the other candidate? Would you really trust them to be fair? Do you think that this is how the justice system is supposed to work? Because I don't think so.
And also tonight, yes, no class Barack Obama back again. What is he doing? Launching a new far left attack against President Trump, warning that America could turn into Nazi Germany. Now he is speaking at the Economic Club of Chicago, and Obama said that the danger today is, quote, "Growing complacent, we have to tend to this garden of democracy, or else things could fall apart quickly. That's what happened in Germany in the 1930s which despite the democracy of the Weimar Republic and centuries of high-level cultural scientific achievements, Adolf Hitler rose to dominate. Sixty million people died. So, you've got to pay attention and you have to vote."
All right. Very cute, very clever comparing the president in a subtle way to Adolf Hitler and Nazis. Obama, by the way, how are your unrepentant domestic terrorist buddies Bill Ayers and Bernardine Dohrn doing? Oh, and by the way, please send our best wishes to the Church of G-d America and the Reverend Jeremiah Wright.
Now, the former president is obviously sick, pathetic, and twisted in this obsession with President Trump. It was kind of like everybody in the media. And every single chance that Obama gets, whether it would be here, home, overseas, does not matter, he is trashing and trying to undermine the president. Maybe he cannot get over the fact that his record was atrocious. Maybe he needs to take his own advice and accept the results of the election. OK, President Obama, Hillary lost. A time for you, too, to get over it. And by the way, I know this is probably impossible, but maybe tried taking some notes from George W. Bush. Because George W. Bush never criticized you, not one time after he left office, because he actually respected the office more and thought it was more important.
Finally, tonight, over a conspiracy TV MSNBC, crazy liberal Joe and his cohorts over at that network, well, they are at it again, now stooping to a new low of attacking and trying to discredit the president in a segment only Chicken Little could be proud of. Liberal Joe and his panel of never-Trump hating sycophants had a collective meltdown during some deranged and reckless speculation about the president's health. Watch this.
You are not mentally fit to host the TV show.
There you have it. Arm chair conspiracy psychology from America's most unhinged liberal morning show host and his band of merry Trump haters. It makes you wonder why liberal Joe has so much rage and contempt for this president. Joe, you are kind of scaring us. I will pay for therapy if you need it.
Joining us now with reaction, counsel to the President, Kellyanne Conway is with us. All right. Forget about those people, because it is a joke. At this point, they are caricature of themselves, but the more important issue is this. Is this a fair investigation? Could you imagine if this was against the Democratic president, only donors to the Republican Party, people that were texting back and forth involved in the investigation that hate one side and love the other side. At some point, Kellyanne, you have to say, don't we need a justice system that is fair and balanced?
I do remember her collapse and a bunch of other issues that came up during that campaign. Kellyanne, good to see you. We appreciate it.
And thank you so much, by the way, those images that you are seeing, Ventura County, San Diego, California. You have these wildfires now raging out of control. You have the high blowing Santa Ana winds coming in. It has really, really -- these are chilling photos. We will keep an eye on it all throughout the night tonight.
Here with more reaction first though is Salem radio nationally syndicated host Larry Elder, former secret service agent Dan Bongino, and look, we have to be careful.
Larry Elder, let's put on your legal hat for just a second, maybe some people -- most people know that you are a lawyer.
Look at this from a legal perspective. You know, we are talking about illegal surveillance unmasking, leaking of raw intelligence, perhaps, and then we have got of course a Hillary Clinton bought and paid for dossier. Questions about, oh, the dossier that she bought and paid for -- wasn't use to get a warrant? To literally surveil an opposition candidate in an election year and then surveil a president-elect. These questions are chilling enough, and then you have the anti-Trump bias pro-Hillary, you know, appointee in Mueller. How do you untangle this web?
Yes, agree. No.
Yes. You know, I have friends of mine retired currently, FBI -- and I know that you do, Dan Bongino, and they are apoplectic over what is going on here. They see clearly. They feel like the President feels that this agency, these agencies that they love and have devoted their lives to is rightly come under criticism from those at the top with what they are doing and how they are doing it. When have you ever heard of an exoneration by the FBI changing language? The exoneration before the investigation.
How could anybody by any definition say that that is fundamentally just in any way?
All right. Thank you both for being with us.
They covered for her, Larry.
The fix was in. They covered for Hillary Clinton. It was all a cover up. The whole thing. It is provable now.
All right, thank you both. We have a lot more to cover tonight.
Powerful edition of "Hannity." Sara Carter, brand new report along with Gregg Jarrett, John Solomon, also Newt Gingrich is here. As you can see on your screen. Ventura County, San Diego raging wildfires leaving a trail of destruction as we speak in Southern California. We will have a report on that and more.
Fox News alert, wildfires continue to devastate California tonight according to a fire official. Now, 439 homes and buildings are destroyed by these wildfires north of Los Angeles. A live report coming up later in the program, back to our top story.
We have a senior Justice Department official, his name is Bruce Ohr, he was demoted because of his ties with Fusion GPS. That of course the firm responsible for the dirty Russian anti-Trump dossier bought and paid for by Hillary and the DNC. And Sara Carter reporting tonight that the House Intel Committee Chairman Devin Nunes is going to issue a subpoena for this demoted Justice Department official.
Joining us now with more on this developing story. From The Hill John Solomon, investigative journalist Sara Carter, FOX News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett. We have to Sara, start where we are here. And it is not just him. Rumors tonight running rampant of a major shake-up coming to the FBI. Possibly as early as tomorrow.
All right. These are all great points you are making. And by the way, all -- also the talk of what about Rod Rosenstein knew? I would like to know what he knew. I would like to know what Comey knew. I would like to know what Mueller knew ahead of all of this. You know, a lot of these questions John being raised about, okay, this team that literally has covered for Hillary Clinton and put all of these biased people going after Donald Trump. You know, what would it take to get rid of a special counsel?
It is getting very close so.
The day before.
Where are we, Sara, on the issue of reports that James Comey wanted to hire Christopher Steele? Did they pay Christopher Steele? And when you get to the whole dossier issue, the fact that Bruce Ohr knew all of that and he is four doors down from Rod Rosenstein?
Are the house of cards going to blow down?
John knowing all you know and what is likely coming, how bad is this good for Mueller?
It was epic at the hearing today. I mean -- seriously what the Republican state is everything we have all been talking about is getting interesting. Thank you all. When we come back, Tomi Lahren, Jessica Tarlov weigh in with a Senator LINSKEY: Franken should have resign today also Newt Gingrich reacts to Mueller's partisan witch hunt. As we continue.
Today amid mounting pressure, Democrats Senator Al Franken announced that he will resign in the next few weeks. Of course the disgraced Senator could not help himself. Had to take a final parting shot at Republicans. And also tonight, Republican congressmen Franks announced that he will resign from office at the end of January. This after former staffers complaining about discussions that the Congressman had with them about surrogacy issues. Joining us now, Fox News contributor's Tomi Lahren and Jessica Tarlov. Tomi, where do in the case of Al Franken you had the pictures, you had a Leanne tweet, you have creepy pictures with Arianna and Joy Behar although they gave him a pass. In my opinion, just looking at the picture. What do you do in these cases when you do not know?
They are not losing the seat, the Democratic governor.
There has been 30 years now up to and including all through last year defending the predator Bill Clinton. That is a fact. That is the record. I do not believe that this is principle. I believe that this is politics and political expediency.
You know what? Wait a minute. What is -- Jessica, with all due respect, what is relevant is they defended a guy who was accused of rape, groping, grabbing, fondling, touching, and kissing against a woman's will. And a team that evolved out of the Clintons that smeared to these women for 30 years. You cannot tell us this is not relevant.
The people that defended this are not history.
No I want honesty.
Here we go. Is that what is all about? Now it is all about Donald Trump?
Do you believe, what do you think should happen in cases -- I was consistent about John Conyers. He is denying it, needs to be investigated, it is serious. But we need to get the facts and we need to get to the truth. Is that the right position to take?
Al Franken -- wait a minute. I agree taken seriously, but how do you know? How do we know?
Why have we not done the forensics in that case?
We have to go. I am sorry.
Newt Gingrich is next, straight ahead.
As we continue tonight on "Hannity," joining us now, the author of the best-selling book "Vengeance" Fox News contributor former speaker of the house Newt Gingrich. Mr. Speaker, is this a political prosecution you see unfolding before you? In other words, you have all of Mueller's appointees for Hillary Clinton, we are discovering, all of them with questionable ethical -- the use of ethics or lack of ethics. And persecuting all Trump associates. Do you see something that is dangerous to you?
But now we know that the fixed is in, they were writing her exoneration, they did not even do the investigation, sir.
When -- what do we do if they never really investigated Hillary Clinton? Because we know that the fix was in. We know that they wrote the exoneration beforehand. And why do I think that that is obstruction of justice by James Comey? This guy Peter Strzok, and other people that are involved? Why do we have equal justice of the law if we do not do that?
It is also a serious problem if you have a group of people that want to undo an election. Do you believe at the heart of this, that there is a deep state, may be including former intelligence officials or people that use a weaponry of intelligence that are criminalizing perhaps the FBI? Deep state leaking that have as their goal that they think the American people made a mistake and they want to undo the results of the election? And they are using every devious tactic that they possibly can?
The boomerang effect is in full play here, because we now know that Hillary Clinton through her campaign, through the DNC which Donna Brazile is saying that she controlled, the money that they are in. That they paid fusion GPS and they hired Christopher Steel. Christopher Steele goes forward and in fact uses and pays Russians for lies about Donald Trump all to infiltrate the election and there is a possibility as I came up in the hearing today with Jim Jordan that that phony Russian propaganda lying dossier was used as the basis to get a FISA warrant against either candidate and/or candidate Trump and President-Elect Trump and his team. If that is the case, which it appears it may be a possibility after the hearings today, what does that mean?
All right. We have to leave it there, Mr. Speaker. Always good to see you. Thank you for being with us. Up next, we have a live report. Look at that, southern California on fire tonight. Wildfires destroying the region. That report is straight ahead.
Sadly tonight, wild fires continue to sweep all across southern California for another day. Joining us now on the ground in Ventura County, California, Fox news senior correspondent Adam Housley. By the way, I don't know if the audience knows, you went through this in northern California. I live 30 minutes north of Ventura County. I know the area well. Also in San Diego tonight, it's so sad to watch this.
All right Adam, thoughts and prayer. We hope they stay safe. Very dangerous with the Santa Ana winds when they come kicking in. Very dangerous. That is all the time we have left. We will always fair and balanced. We're not ever promised the destroy Trump media. We're different. We will prove it in the hearing today. We'll stay on the case. I promise you that. Let not your heart be troubled. The news continues.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 113  ***************************************************
 
show#: 114  ***************************************************
 This is a good start, a major step forward in the effort to rid you, the American people, of the disaster that we know as ObamaCare.
Now, let's be honest. The bill that passed today in the House, it's not perfect. Unfortunately, sadly, there are dozens of Republicans who really didn't want to repeal and replace ObamaCare, these moderate Republicans, even though some of them even campaigned on this promise for seven years. That's the reality that House conservatives were dealt and the president was dealt.
Now, also, some major parliamentary hurdles that they had to deal with in the Senate, that they have to clear, budget reconciliation is being used, the Byrd Rule, Chuck Schumer already talking about using parts of these parliamentary maneuvers to kill the bill.
But what is being put forward today by the president and House Republicans is so much better than what we now see as the disaster, what is ObamaCare today, a complete and utter failure collapsing before your very eyes. We'll have more on that in a second.
Now, I want to make this point first because it's very important. Democrats, the destroy Trump media, alt-radical left, they will do everything they can do to stop this bill from ever reaching the president's desk. This fight is not over. It's very important now more than ever that Republicans begin to come together, as I've been saying from the beginning, build consensus.
They need to show you, the American people, they are ready to lead and fix America's broken health care, system because ObamaCare is in a death spiral! It's a disaster! Now, Democrats, they're going to go deep down in the gutter. They will deploy every insane, irrational scare tactic to misrepresent what is actually in the bill.
For example -- this is a riot -- take a look at some of the insanity and the things that Democrats said to the lead-up in today's House vote.
Wow. Kill, murder, slander! Republicans are racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic! They want dirty air and water!
Now, if this isn't enough, yes, Senator Bernie Sanders, he tweeted this. "Donald Trump, Republicans just celebrated voting to let thousands of Americans die." Why? "So that billionaires get tax breaks." Now, think about that.
And earlier today, after ObamaCare-loving Democrats suffered this stinging defeat -- this is my favorite moment of the day -- they took to the House floor and they taunted Republicans. And I actually enjoyed it. Watch this.
All right, so sore losers, every one of them, basically all those Democrats -- they actually still believe the great lie, and it is a great lie. You keep your doctor, you keep your plan, and you'll save on average per family $2,500 per year. Now, you can bet those type of tactics -- this is only the beginning, I warn you. So Republicans, you need to show backbone. You better be ready to fight and defend yourselves because if you don't, the American people sadly will continue to suffer under the crushing failure of ObamaCare.
Now, here's why it's so critically important that Republicans act and finish this. Now, take a look at the headlines. Just this week, NBC News, "Aetna to exit ObamaCare in Virginia citing $200 million possible loss." Now, look at this. USA Today -- "Iowa may be without individual health plans if insurer pulls out."
And by the way, those are just a couple of the countless examples that ObamaCare is in this death spiral.
Mike Pence said today, the vice president, 94 out of 96 or 98 counties will have no options in Iowa next year. Now, here's why ObamaCare's entire foundation was based on lies. Remember this, because this is important. Every time the president said this -- you remember? It's probably etched in your memory.
The great lie in political history. And by the way, all those Democrats -- "na, na, na, na" -- they all repeated that lie. Here's the reality. Millions of Americans lost their doctors. Millions lost their plans. No American family was saving $2,500 per family per year, as the president promised you, the American people. Big surprise.
The exact opposite happened. In fact, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation, since 2008, premiums for the average family skyrocketed 43 percent, increasing for the average family $5,400 since implemented. That doesn't even include this year. And this year alone, ObamaCare premiums spiked by 25 percent on average.
By the way, poor people that live in Arizona suffering a staggering increase, 116 percent this year alone. Deductibles for a family jumped by 15 percent this year alone! It's almost $7,500. And right now, in almost a third -- imagine this! -- in a third of all U.S. counties, there is only one, only one health care insurer to choose from.
President Obama, all those "na na na" Democrats -- they promised a free market system. They lied to you. It's the great lie. And they failed miserably!
So now Republicans, they're stepping in to fix Obama and the Democrats' mess. They're now offering a plan that is actually based on free market principles that will actually lower costs and the CBO projects premiums for the average American will actually -- get this -- go down under the Republican plan instead of rising by 25 percent, like they did under ObamaCare this year.
You, the American people, all of you out there, you deserve to have the flexibility to choose the type of plan that best suits your needs, instead of big government mandates that dictate the kind of care you can buy. It gets rid of over a trillion dollars in taxes -- a trillion -- reduces the deficit.
If I was down in Washington today -- it's not the perfect bill. If I was serving in Congress, I would have voted yes. As the vice president said, this begins the process of undoing the death spiral of ObamaCare.
Joining us now with reaction, the author of the brand-new book, "Understanding Trump," former speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich.
I am!
All right, I'll agree with you...
All right, you...
All right. I would say Mark Meadows and the Freedom Caucus...
... the unsung heroes because they never -- I am happy! I'm not complaining. I give credit to the speaker. I just said it, OK, because I've been very critical.
Number two, I...
... and the White House. I know Reince Priebus worked hard day and night. I know for a fact because I talk to these guys on a regular basis, and they weren't exactly always happy with me. Tell us -- tell -- I agree with -- for the vice president, this is a good start. Tell us why you like this.
All right, I -- by the way...
You -- I know you know because we go back since 1990. I know you know how to celebrate because I remember drinking a big can of beer called Foster's lager with you, if you remember back in those days. So I think you're right. I'll take your elder statesman perspective. And I think it's a big win, absolutely, and I am happy about it. And I love that the Democrats...
You know what? I think I'll take off tomorrow just because of you.
All right, we'll have more with the former speaker right after the break.
And also tonight, an incredible "Hannity" investigation. Our friend, John Solomon of Circa News is breaking incredible news tonight, a disturbing report. It reveals the Obama administration during the 2016 campaign literally distributed thousands of intel documents, more than anybody else has reported. John is here to explain tonight and investigate. We'll get reaction also from the legal side from Judge Pirro.
Also, President Trump came to New York City today, gave a speech aboard the USS Intrepid. We'll get reaction from Lou Dobbs and we'll have him respond to Chrissy Teigen's insane tweets. Wait until you see what she is blaming the president for!
And we'll also talk to President Trump's daughter-in-law, Lara Trump, as we continue, about censorship and Stephen Colbert's crude remarks. That's straight ahead on this busy, celebratory "Hannity" straight ahead.
All right, that was the president earlier today in the Rose Garden celebrating with House Republican lawmakers after the GOP health care bill was passed.
Still with us, former speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich.
You do have a great historical perspective. I love to give you a hard time. And you are -- it's interesting because in many ways, you weren't as confident -- I was, like, I don't care. Get it done. We had two very different perspectives. You would rather do other things first.
But you said something that's interesting. You said that there's a maturing process going on before our eyes. They're now growing into their leadership role, which maybe they weren't ready for in some ways. And I also have had to face the reality as a conservative I don't really like. This is a hundred moderate Republicans that are not as conservative as I am, and it's annoying.
Yes?
That is pretty profound. And we -- it was actually an interesting remark by McCarthy, when he said, Well, he called me yesterday with a list of names and they all voted yes and the people that they should be whipping -- that was a pretty insightful comment. And I think you are right. And that should bode well for him (INAUDIBLE) as they move forward with his tax bill and his economic plan.
Preexisting conditions, yes.
I -- listen...
I'll -- I'll -- the only thing I want out of Paul Ryan going forward is more consensus-building. Don't hide the bill -- and I'm being honest here -- and just a little more urgency...
... a little more New York in him. That's all I want. I think that's fair.
He needs a little more...
... drive in him, pushing him, faster, urgency. Let's move!
All right, Mr. Speaker...
... thank you. And you're right, it's a big night. I'll buy you a Foster's when I see you next. We'll catch up on old times.
When we come back, a "Hannity" investigation, an important one, John Solomon, Circanews.com, tonight reporting the Obama administration during the 2016 election distributed thousands of intel reports with unredacted names. In other words, unmasking. He's here to explain. We'll get legal analysis from Judge Jeanine Pirro.
And later tonight, Hollywood snowflake Chrissy Teigen in a classic Twitter tirade meltdown against the president. It will make you laugh. And Lou Dobbs will react.
And the president's daughter-in-law, Lara Trump. weighs in on the Stephen Colbert controversy and CNN, NBC, CBS censorship straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So our friend, John Solomon with Circanews.com, just published a bombshell story. He's reporting that, quote, "President Obama's team sought NSA intel on thousands of Americans during the 2016 election." Now, according to Solomon's sources, these NSA intel requests resulted in many American citizens being unmasked per the request of the Obama administration.
He goes on, quote, "Among those whose names were unmasked in 2016 or early 2017 were campaign or transition associates of President Trump."
Joining us now with more on this alarming new report, from Circanews.com, John Solomon, along with the host of "Justice" and a brand-new show, "You the Jury," on the FOX network, Judge Jeanine Pirro.
All right, John, let me start with you. This is your story. You've been all over it, surveillance, unmasking, leaking intelligence, all of these things. We never seem to move the ball. We see all these crimes committed, in my opinion -- Hillary Clinton we just learned from this week, the FBI director, Comey, is admitting that she sent, you know, classified e-mails to Anthony Weiner! Anthony Weiner as far as I know doesn't have security clearance.
Then of course we have her server scandal. Then of course we have the Foundation scandal, the Clinton Foundation. Then of course we have the unmasking issue. Then we have Susan Rice saying I'm not going to go and testify before the Senate subcommittee. How many people were unmasked? Tell us how deep this is and tell us what laws probably were broken?
John, I want people to know. In other word, what we're suggesting here such a dramatic increase that there's a very strong likelihood that the Obama administration at the highest levels used our national security agency and literally unmasked, surveilled the American people under the guise of national security, and there is no way it was possible.
Judge Pirro, based on what you're hearing and the numbers John Solomon is confirming tonight, what are we talking about in terms of the law, the magnitude of the charges, and what potential abuse of the constitution occurred here?
Illegal. So based on just the numbers, the outrageous disparity of numbers that John Solomon is reporting at CircaNews.com, is there any plausible explanation other than Americans were spied on, Americans were unmasked, and, as John was saying names are going to be revealed, and this was done for political purposes?
John, great work. Judge Pirro, as always, thank you.
And coming up, after his big win on health care earlier today, the president traveled to New York City where he gave a speech aboard the USS Intrepid. We're going to play some of his remarks. We'll get reaction from Lou Dobbs. Plus he's going to weigh in on Chrissy Teigen's unbelievable tweets. They'll make you laugh.
And later, the presidents daughter-in-law Lara Trump joins us to talk about censorship at networks like CNN, NBC, and CBS, and Stephen Colbert, what he said about her father-in-law, that's straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So President Trump was in New York City tonight. Less than an hour ago he gave a speech aboard the USS Intrepid in commemoration of the World War II battle of the Coral Sea. He spoke about the need to defeat ISIS and more, watch this.
And also tonight another celebrity snowflake is in complete meltdown mode. Let's take a look at Chrissy Tiegen just lashing out unhinged at President Trump and a twitter temper tantrum. Quote, "So bleeping tired of this manically, insane, incompetent president and this dumpster fire administration. I'm going to have to go on another med. This is not a joke. I think I need to either up my dosage or talk to my doctor to see what works for me when the world explodes. And today I had a tooth shaved down because crippling anxiety makes me grind and rot my teeth on one side. I blame Trump." And more.
Joining us now for the Fox Business Network, Lou Dobbs. Let's start with the president, Lou. I see you laughing. This was a classic. But the president tonight was pretty interesting. This was a serious commander-in- chief taken to the stage with a command and knowledge of history on top of a really big one on health care today.
Yes. I'm a little annoyed as I was telling Newt earlier tonight, Lou, I'm a little annoyed we now know there are hundred, thousand -- sorry, 100 Republicans in the House that are really not committed conservatives. Newt has always talked about, he explained the center-right coalition. And we are now dealing with the reality. It is very unfortunate to me as a conservative and I'm going to assume you, too.
Last thing, let me go to the snowflake meltdown, Chrissy Tiegen. One other one. "I also had to Botox in my jaw muscle to relieve the tension from constantly clenching. I was not like this before. Pay my bills."
Pay by bills. A rich snowflake anxiety meltdown. I mean, I don't even know what to say anymore.
I have a story. I'm going to be very nice tonight, Lou. You'll be proud of me. I met John Legend and her at a Super Bowl event. But there's a story I'm going to keep to myself because I'm being very nice.
I'm being very nice. Lou Dobbs, thank you, my friend.
And coming up, President Trump's daughter-in-law Lara Trump is here to talk about censorship, CNN, NBC, CBS, and she will react to Stephen Colbert's vicious, vile rant. That and more as "Hannity" continues tonight. Stay with us.
Welcome back to "Hannity." so the alt left, propaganda, destroy- Trump media, they continue to try to take down the president. Now CNN is refusing to air a Trump campaign ad because it features a graphic with the words of "fake news," they are so offended they can't handle it. Watch this.
So the RNC chairwoman put out a statement about CNN's decision, saying, quote, "The network's clearly biased decision to block President Trump's message to the American people is incredibly troubling. Freedom of speech is a hallmark of our nation's founding and it is concerning that CNN, who I assume to be a strong supporter of the First Amendment, would stifle speech that they disagree with." CNN should allow the ad to be aired and apologize for their attempt to block the president's message, she says. The RNC is also saying NBC and maybe other networks, CBS, are also refusing to air this ad. ABC is now pending.
Joining us with a reaction, President Trump's daughter-in-law Lara Trump is with us. And she's also an advisor for the 2020 campaign. Lara, good to see you. How are you?
I like the ad. The funny thing is whenever these networks carry the president because they like the ratings that he brings to their networks when he gives speeches, he gets to call them out and say fake news for free. So the idea that they wouldn't take money because they are so offended that he calls them out on a regular basis is almost laughable. Maybe they have a fiduciary responsibility to their shareholders. What do you think?
I don't watch a lot of these other networks but I'm just venturing a guess that in prime time I think I'm the only one that put up on the screen, and we can do it now if we want, but we did it all in the lead up to the 100 days and his 100th days in office, all the successes he had, culminating, by the way, with a huge win on health care for him and a big push on his part. I don't think this ever goes away. This is Trump- derangement syndrome. What is your reaction -- I've never seen such hostility to any one man or any one president. What is your reaction that you and your family have had to deal with?
As a family, by the way I heard your announcement. I've known Eric and Don, Jr., for a long time. You're about to have your first child. There are even people attacking that. Ivanka Trump, the daughter of the president, the son-in-law of the president, the president's wife. You can't leave a 10-year-old kid out of this? He's been attacked. Everybody around him, Reince, Bannon, Kellyanne, poor Sean Spicer, everybody around the president, anyone who supports the president, even in the media is attacked. Let me go to how vicious it got culminating this week in a vile, vicious rant on "CBS News" by Stephen Colbert.
Lara, at first I can't imagine any conservative or any comedy show saying this with that vicious or that of vile about President Obama if he was president. And by the way, Colbert probably should be kissing the presidency you-know-what because he personally, singlehandedly resurrected what was a failing career for him and his 500 writers that work for him. He was dying on the vine until he went hard, harsh, vile left.
Would I survive that? What if I said it?
No way.
Lara, congratulations to you and Eric on the baby. I know you have to put up with a lot, and yes, we do need to freedom of speech, and thank you for being with us.
When we come back we need your help, a very important "Question of the Day." And we got the voicemails apparently not so nice tonight that you left from the Hannity hotline, straight ahead.
All right, time for our question of the day. So what do you think about the House Republicans beginning the process of undoing the damaged death spiral known as Obamacare? Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
By the way, time to play some of the messages, not always so nice, that you leave for me on my Hannity hotline.
I am six feet tall. I am actually now in the best shape I've been in years. And the hair is real. Cut me some slack. Want to say something to me, nice or mean, I don't care, call the number on your screen. You see it right there, very, very simple.
That's all the time we have left this evening. Thank you for being with us. Congratulations, Republicans. We now have begun the process of ending the death spiral. Finally, you got your act together. We'll see you tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 115  ***************************************************
 "How we knew what we knew about their" -- Trump staff's -- "dealing with Russia."
All right, let's deal with what Evelyn Farkas is saying here. First, she's admitting what we've been saying, what Sara Carter, John Solomon, James Rosen have all been saying. Surveillance took place. Take a watch.
Oh, that's the intelligence she wants her friends on Capitol Hill to get. Is that the information she's talking about?
Now, next, she admits there was unmasking. That shouldn't happen. Watch.
Oh, intelligence, unmasking, surveillance! Now, she also admitted that intelligence leaking was taking place. And by the way, in case some of you people don't know, that could very well be a felony. Take a look.
How did you know there was intelligence? You were out of the administration. How did Evelyn Farkas, a former Obama administration official, a private citizen working for the Hillary Clinton campaign, know about the surveillance and intelligence?
Well, during an interview on CNBC earlier today, Farkas, well, she seemed to be walking back and changing her tune. Watch her contradict her own self straight ahead.
Wait a minute. She said earlier, "Get as much intelligence as you can. Get it up to the Hill to our friends." So now opposing leaking, even though earlier this month, she was obviously claiming to encourage it.
Now, Farkas also played dumb on what information she was referring to. Watch this walk-back. This is interesting.
If indeed now she says (INAUDIBLE) suspected -- but wait a minute. This is the same woman that said "if," meaning the Trump folks, "found out how we knew what we knew," not if it happened, "if they knew what we knew about their," the Trump staff, dealing with Russians.
Now, try as she might, Dr. Farkas cannot walk back her original comments. And today, we have also uncovered an interview that Dr. Farkas did back in February with VOX before that appearance on NBC. She was asked by Ezra Klein what her, quote, "level of alarm" was after Flynn's resignation.
Here's Farkas's response. Quote, "Well, (ph) it's lower than it's been since the summer when I was first made aware of all this stuff. I'm, like, 'Finally, everybody else sees it!' Seriously. The reason I was so upset last summer was that I was getting winks and hints from inside that there was something really wrong here. I was agitated because I knew the Clinton campaign and the world didn't know. But I didn't think it would happen this fast. I didn't think Flynn would survive a year, but I thought it would be most of the year."
Well, did she know about Flynn, the intelligence that eventually got leaked that took him out? What is she talking about here? Anyway, who was giving her the winks and the hints over the summer? I'm just asking questions based on her own words.
Here's where it gets interesting. Today, during another interview on MSNBC, Farkas said she's now the victim of fake news because we played her entire comment in context. I'm not kidding. Watch this.
Maybe the Russians put these words in my mouth, asking about surveillance, unmasking and leaking intelligence. I'm simply asking questions based on what she said, as other members of the mainstream media, by the way, continue to ignore the facts in this case. The media doesn't want to focus on this today. Oh no, they want to focus on the New York Times headline that came out late this afternoon, "Two White House officials helped give Nunes intelligence reports."
Now, the headline is deceptive, obscure, and I would argue purposely dishonest. If you read further into the report, it isn't really a story. It just says the official, quote, "played a role."
Now, tonight, I'm calling on the intel community, stop being distracted by the hate Trump media, destroy Trump media. The attorney general, General Sessions, needs to convene a grand jury. And the only thing we know for sure is that the intel was leaked about retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn. That is a felony. That is a crime.
And as for Dr. Farkas, well, we need to know what she knew about the unmasking, about the surveillance, and when she knew it and who she was communicating with and who was giving her the information. And what did she know also about leaking or getting the information to her friends on the Hill?
Here with reaction, the author of the best-seller "Treason," former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich. You can't write a novel like this, Mr. Speaker. And you write really good novels. I've read them.
Yes!
And no evidence.
Well, you know, when she's saying get as much intelligence to people on the Hill as you possibly can, and if they found out, meaning the Trump folks -- if the Trump folks find out how we knew what we knew about their Trump staff dealing with Russians -- there's no ambiguity there. We're not parsing her words. We're not slicing and dicing like Ted Koppel here. We're playing it in its entirety!
Well, that's a felony.
That's the only law that we actually can confirm has been violated here. That's a felony, the leaking of intelligence.
But when you get to the issues, if we just used Evelyn Farkas's own words and what she said, she talks -- my interpretation is very clear. She talks about surveillance of the Trump campaign, and if they knew what we knew what we know and how we knew it, and then when she talks about unmasking about the Trump folks, that would be unmasking, and then the next thing is, Well, you know, gather as much intelligence and get it to our friends on the Hill here -- it seems to me that this has gone much deeper than anybody else in the media is willing to talk about.
What should happen? What should -- what should happen with the intelligence community? Shouldn't they bring her in? Should a grand jury be convened?
I can't believe she hasn't...
All right, stay right there...
It seems like it.
All right, we'll have more with Newt Gingrich coming up right after this break, and he'll have reaction to the GOP infighting on Capitol Hill. What do Republicans need to do to get their act together and get on the same page?
Also, Laura Ingraham is here to weigh in on the surveillance of the Trump campaign and the unmasking, and of course, the leaks and also Republican infighting. All of that, plus Lou Dobbs, Ari Fleischer, Austan Goolsbee all join us on this very busy edition tonight on "Hannity."
And welcome back to "Hannity." So the Republican Party continues feuding, and now the alt left propaganda destroy Trump media -- they have a new favorite talking point. President Trump is ineffective. He can't get things done. Now, it's time to put that narrative to rest. And that's tonight's mini-monologue.
All right, so after the House Republican leadership's plan to repeal and replace ObamaCare stalled in Congress, well, the mainstream media, they want you to think the Trump presidency's dead in the water.
Well, since taking office, the president has been checking off -- look at that -- all the items on his list, all his campaign promises one by one. Take a look. They're right there on your screen.
Now, it's very obvious that the president has been moving very fast and effectively at what I call the speed of Trump. And now after the Republican health care plan did stall in the House with infighting in the Republican Party, there is a danger that could undermine the president's agenda.
Now, earlier today, the president tweeted, quote, "The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda. If they don't get on the team and fast, we must fight them and Dems in 2018."
Now, the president's clearly frustrated with this division in the Republican Party. On this show, we promised we're holding everyone in Washington accountable.
For seven long years, the GOP ran on repealing, replacing ObamaCare. They said, "Give us the House." They got that in 2010. "Give us the House and Senate." They got it in 2014. "Give us the House, Senate and the presidency." They got that on November 8th. They got their wish.
Now, in my opinion, it's not the Freedom Caucus that's responsible for the GOP failure in this case to repeal and replace ObamaCare. Now, this legislation was flawed from the beginning. It was created behind closed doors. Not one single member saw the bill until it was rolled out, and that made it a disaster.
Now, I don't know who's telling the White House to focus their anger on the Freedom Caucus, but I do think it's misplaced, because the Freedom Caucus -- I've talked to them. They want to make a deal and they want the win for the president and the country.
So my advice tonight to Speaker Ryan, the rest of Congress is simple: House leadership, you need to get all the differing factions in your caucus together. Get them together with senators like Rand Paul and Mike Lee and Mitch McConnell and Secretary Price.
I've said this before. Get all the factions, the moderates, the Tuesday Group, the Study Group, the Freedom Caucus. Get everybody in a room, lock the door, order pizza, get beer, get ice cream. I don't care if you include coloring books. Get a consensus bill like you've been promising the country for eight years, and get it done and get it on the president's desk.
That is your mission. Follow your mission and your promise. It's not ideology. It's what's good for the American people and the promise you made to everybody.
We continue with former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich. Mr. Speaker, how do you roll out a bill and not show one member of the House what's in the bill? How do you not appeal to moderates...
Go ahead.
I'm very concerned that they didn't have the sense to work on a bill knowing that it's a coalition party. The Democratic Party's a coalition party.
Look, you're right about process. The average American has no idea what reconciliation is, or cloture or the Byrd rule, and they don't care. This is what they want to know. Am I going to have better care at a lower cost for me and my family? And that's it. And if this bill doesn't get that done, and you can't communicate it and you don't have consensus to pass it, why did they unveil it and why did they keep it secret?
All right, last question.
Yes. Do you believe that the president wasn't served well by his own party? Because I think he did a lot of heavy lifting, A, he shouldn't have to do, and B, that he was put in the position to do. And I'm, like, they didn't -- they didn't do their job on the legislative side. I don't understand it.
Yes.
After eight years...
After eight years, how could you not be ready for this moment? I don't know. All right, Mr. Speaker, good to see you. Thank you.
When we come back, a new report suggesting that during the 2016 election, the FBI director, James Comey, wanted to expose that Russia was trying to meddle in the election, but it was the Obama administration that stopped him. So why would they do that? Laura Ingraham weighs in on this.
Also, the latest on our blockbuster in terms of surveillance, unmasking and the leaking of intelligence.
And the speaker of the House admitted earlier today that he's worried President Trump will reach out to Democrats to get a deal on health care if Republicans don't work out a solution. Laura Ingraham next. And Lou Dobbs.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So a new report by Newsweek claims that, quote, "FBI Director James Comey attempted to go public as early as the summer of 2016 with information on Russia's campaign to influence the U.S. presidential collection, but it was the Obama administration officials that blocked him from doing so two sources with knowledge on the matter tell "Newsweek."
Plus earlier today on a CNBC hosted panel, Russian President Vladimir Putin himself said accusations of Russian interference in the election are, quote, "lies." Take a look.
No, I don't take Putin at his word and nobody should, and his history was a little bit mixed up. It was actually president George H.W. Bush, not Reagan, who said read my lips. But the sentiment stands that Russia was not involved in the election as was discussed by James Comey and Clapper and Admiral Rogers.
We continue now with reaction. Joining us is editor in chief of Lifezette, Fox News contributor and nationally syndicated radio host Laura Ingraham. I don't really care what Putin says in that sense, but here is the problem. When you look at the narrative that has gone on all this time without any evidence, and then we learn as I was talking about in the first segment about surveillance of Trump at a very deep level, unmasking of Trump, and the president-elect, and those around him in his transition team, and then leaking intelligence which is a felony -- now we've got a really deep issue here that we do know happened, but the media ignores that part. Your reaction?
What is your take on Evelyn Farkas? Remember, she is out now and she is with Hillary. And her original comment, which she walked back today in a major way, but my interpretation, it's very clear what she was talking about, surveillance, unmasking, and potentially leaking to our friends upon the Hill intelligence. What to make of those comments? And why is she still on TV? Where is her lawyer?
Laura, great analysis as always, thank you.
We will have more with Laura, by the way, right after the break. And she will be joined by our own Lou Dobbs.
Also coming up, Speaker Ryan says he is worried the president will reach out to Democrats to get the deal done on health care if they don't come up with a solution in the Republican Party. We will get to that. And later Ari Fleischer and Austan Goolsbee will weigh in on the surveillance of the Trump campaign. Our top story, new developments, we have the very latest tonight on "Hannity."
Welcome back to "Hannity." So earlier today the speaker of the House Paul Ryan said he is afraid that if the GOP doesn't come together, President Trump will reach out to Democrats to work on health care. Watch this.
Here with reaction, from the Fox Business Network, Lou Dobbs. We continue also with our friend Laura Ingraham is with us. Lou, I'll bring you in here. OK, the Democrats are going to lead him down the primrose path and finally stick a shiv in his back.
Not one single House member saw the bill before it was rolled out.
Laura, what is your reaction to that?
If nobody sees the bill and you roll out the bill and no consensus is built, and then you say to the president, here, you go sell it. And everybody is trying their best to help. Wasn't a mistake made by not building the consensus before the release and having everyone agree before the release and bringing the moderates, Tuesday, Sunday, study group caucuses together?
By?
Where do you think that came from?
Laura?
Everybody should have agreed before --
All right, guys, there is a fix. Start from the beginning. Build the coalition and get the job done for the American people and move on to the next legislative item.
Thank you.
Coming up, Ari Fleischer and Austan Goolsbee will be here next as we continue a very busy night tonight here on HANNITY.
That was Speaker Paul Ryan earlier today talking about a possible source of Intel Committee Chairman Devin Nunes and his report showing that the president and his team were in fact surveilled. Joining us now with reaction, former White House Press Secretary Ari Fleischer and former Obama economic guru, adviser, Austan Goolsbee is with us. Austan, I assume you believe Americans should not be surveilled with a without a proper warrant.
And that if in the act of intelligence gathering, legitimate intelligence gatherings, that Americans are picked up, we should use the process known as minimization and we certainly shouldn't unmask their identity and we certainly shouldn't leak the intelligence which is a violation of the Espionage Act and a felony, do you agree with that?
OK, so, Ari Fleischer, what are we learning here from John Solomon and James Rosen and Sara Carter and even Evelyn Farkas that in fact surveillance took place, unveiling took place, a felony was committed in the case of General Flynn, and they're talking about releasing intelligence for political purposes on NBC. What is your reaction to that?
But Donald Trump was surveilled. We believe a FISA warrant, there was surveillance before the election, and certainly Devin Nunes was saying in November, December, and January, surveillance took place, that leaks took place, unmasking took place, and we are talking about now there is no privacy for the American people. So my question I guess --
Oh, we do.
For eight months, your liberal friends of the media have been talking about Russia and the Trump campaign collusion. Do you have any evidence at all? One piece of evidence --
But here's what we do know. The House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, we also know that Sara Carter and John Solomon and Fox's own James Rosen have all said surveillance occurred.
And in the case of General Flynn, that intelligence was leaked which resulted in him losing his career, which is a felony.
I never said that.
Air, James Clapper, James Comey, Admiral Rogers, and others have all said they've had no impact on our election results. That seems to never get covered by the media.
Is there any evidence you've seen, Ari, at all whatsoever that shows any collusion after eight months of allegations?
We know that Obama tried to influence the elections in Israel and unseat Prime Minister Netanyahu. But I guess it only matters if it is against us, not our president doing it. I've got to roll. T., guys.
Coming up, we need your help, a very important "Question of the Day." Plus some of your voicemails you left for me on the hate -- in some cases -- "Hannity" hotline, straight ahead.
Welcome back to HANNITY. All right, time for our "Question of the Day." How do you think Republicans can come together finally and unify and get the job done and fulfill their promises. We want your comments. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think
Time now, your messages, mean or nice, it doesn't matter, on the "Hannity" hotline. Watch.
I just lost 16 pounds. I'm very honored to wear the pin, by the way. We've had some very brave, courageous people serving the country in the Secret Service and all levels of law enforcement. I enjoy meeting these guys.
Have something to say, mean, nice, it doesn't matter, call the number on your screen, 877-225-8587.
But that's how the time we have left this evening. Thank you as always for being with us. We'll see you back here tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 116  ***************************************************
 After a big win in New Hampshire, Donald Trump sets his sights on South Carolina. Can he keep the momentum going?
Then, Governor John Kasich places second in the Granite State.
The 2016 Republican contender joins us tonight with reaction.
And Marco Rubio stumbles in New Hampshire but promises to fix his mistakes.
The Florida senator will be here to explain just how he'll do it.
All of that, plus 2016 Republican presidential candidate Dr. Benjamin Carson.
"Hannity" starts right here, right now.
And welcome to "Hannity." And tonight, the race for the White House now heads to South Carolina. Donald Trump has plenty of momentum heading into the Palmetto State after a big double-digit win in New Hampshire.
Now, Trump gave a passionate speech to his supporters last night. Take a look.
And then earlier tonight, Trump told our colleague Greta Van Susteren why he thinks his message is resonating so well with voters. Take a look.
All right, here with reaction tonight, the author of the best- selling book "The Clintons" War on Women" Roger Stone, from The Washington Times, Charles Hurt, Republican strategist Mercedes Schlapp.
The big story, Roger, to me is this is definitely an insurgency year. Trump wins and wins big in New Hampshire. You have Ted Cruz in Iowa. But I'm flipping the dial last night and watching the media spin Trump's big victory into something less than it is was almost comical at times. And from my vantage point, I think the media is trying to downplay something that they're just missing. Your thoughts.
Yes, I mean, going into South Carolina, he's got a 16-point lead, according to the RealClearPolitcs average. I would assume that number may go up. He should have a bump out of New Hampshire.
Charlie Hurt, a great column by our friend and colleague, Byron York. And he talks about a meeting among New Hampshire establishment elites back in January. And as he quoted one of them as saying about Trump, I don't see it, I don't feel it, I don't hear it, and I spend part of every day with Republican voters.
How is it possible for the establishment in New Hampshire to be that out of touch with what happened and what was about to happen and then did happen last night?
Yes. All right, Mercedes, let me go over some of the numbers with you. Trump won among men, he won among women, he won every age group. He won among every ideology. He won among people who've gone to college and people that have not gone to college. He won big among men, 3 to 1, by women 2 to 1, among voters under 30, 2 to 1. And he won 40 percent of those who hadn't attended a college, and a third of those that did.
All right, let me -- as we lay out and look at the South Carolina electorate, you got 66 percent that identify themselves as evangelicals, especially in the middle and northwestern part of the state, heavy evangelicals numbers that are up there.
Now, I agree with your analysis, Mercedes. I think this is going to come down to Trump versus Cruz, and both -- I think last night was a win for Cruz in the sense he spent little time and little money in the state of New Hampshire, and this being an insurgency year, he came in third.
We have the battle of the ads has already begun. Let's play Trump's ad and we'll follow it up with Cruz's ad.
All right, is that a preview of coming attractions, Roger Stone, for the next 10 days?
So you're saying he won't make the Iowa ground game mistake. You think he has a ground game in South Carolina.
Charlie, who wins the battle of the beginning of the ad wars here?
Well, it's a primary in South Carolina but it's an open primary, meaning that Democrats and Republicans can cross over.
Mercedes, do you agree with that? And do you think it really is coming down to Trump versus Cruz in South Carolina?
Yes.
So in South Carolina, more representative maybe what a New Hampshire is. But Roger's saying, Well, Trump's not going to make the same mistake in organization and ground game.
All right, last question. Roger Stone, you have started a super-PAC, am I correct -- I think it's a super-PAC -- against Hillary. And it talks -- the women that have -- that Donald Trump said have been abused by Bill Clinton and enabled by Hillary Clinton.
Just tell us real quickly -- we have about 30 seconds -- what it's about.
You know, and there's been a whole generation of people voting now that don't know the name Kathleen Willey or Paula Jones or Gennifer Flowers or -- they may know Monica Lewinsky or Juanita Broaddrick.
So all right, guys. Good to see you all. Appreciate it. Thank you.
And coming up next tonight right here on "Hannity"...
Ohio Governor Kasich riding high into South Carolina after a very strong second place showing in New Hampshire. The presidential contender will be here next to weigh in on the Republican race.
Then later tonight, Senator Marco Rubio, Dr. Ben Carson -- they're looking to rebound after last night's results. Both candidates will join us for reaction.
Plus, you won't believe Hillary Clinton's new tactic to try and fight off socialist senator Bernie Sanders.
That and more tonight right here on "Hannity."
And welcome back to "Hannity." Ohio governor John Kasich surprised some political pundits and stormed into second place in the New Hampshire Republican primary. So can he use last night's results to propel his campaign to victory in South Carolina and states beyond?
Joining us now to respond, the man himself, 2016 Republican presidential candidate, the governor of the Buckeye State, the great state of Ohio, Governor John Kasich.
Congratulations, Governor.
Strategically, I was kind of giving you a little bit of a hard time because you didn't spend a lot of time in Iowa, weren't expecting good results there, but you did spend the time in New Hampshire. According to the exit polls, you finished above major candidates that were late deciders, concentrated among moderate upscale independent-leaning Republicans turned off by Cruz, Rubio and Trump.
What does that mean to you?
Flipping around the dials last night -- and everyone likes to get their snapshot analysis, and meanwhile, you came in second in a very crowded field, and obviously a good night for you.
And people say, Oh, but he can't do well in South Carolina, and already, your fellow candidates are attacking you with that. What's your answer to that?
Yes, I don't like those people either.
If we had a crystal ball, we'd be betting on all this and following the Vegas line and making a lot of money.
You know, you said something, though, that really interested me. And maybe because it's because I'm such -- you know, I live, eat, breathe and die politics a lot and what's happening, and I was there the night that Newt Gingrich got elected and you were the House Budget Committee chair and on the House Intelligence Committee, if I remember correctly. And I remember when you put together that budget and how controversial it was and how the government shut down twice...
... and Bill Clinton was the president. And you did, as budget chair, give us a balanced budget and a surplus. And you said to me, Most people don't know who I am. Do you really think that people are just getting to know you now?
All right, so use this...
All right, so you now you got a higher profile out of New Hampshire. So tell the story as budget chair and tell the story as governor for the people that don't know you.
Last question. The analysis last night -- and I'm only telling you what others are saying. Don't jump through the camera and beat me up here -- was that you have now moved into that spot that others wanted, the so-called establishment. Does that word "establishment" bother you that people tried to put on you last night.
All right, congratulations on last night. Governor John Kasich, appreciate your time.
And up next tonight right here on "Hannity"...
Senator Rubio doing something, well, somewhat unusual, admitting he made a mistake before last night's primary, but he promises to do better in South Carolina. Up next, he's here to explain.
And later -- it was not a great night for Dr. Benjamin Carson in the Granite State, but he's confident about the campaign going forward. He'll tell us why straight ahead.
All right, that was Senator Marco Rubio taking ownership for his disappointing finish in last night's New Hampshire primary. The Florida senator was in South Carolina campaigning earlier today, but he traveled back to our nation's capital for an important Senate vote this evening on North Korea-related sanctions.
Joining us now from Washington is the man himself, 2016 Republican presidential candidate, Florida senator Marco Rubio. First let me say, it's honestly really refreshing for a politician to say, It's on me. And I really give you a lot of credit for that.
What did you mean, though, "it's on me"? What about the debate is on you?
I agree with you, though. I think Obama knows exactly what he's doing. He is an indoctrinated -- Frank Marshall Davis, Alinsky-ite disciple, an ACORN organizer, went to the church of GD America and Reverend Wright. He's friends with Ayers and Dohrn. I think that's all he knows, and he knows what he's doing. So I would agree...
Yes.
There's no doubt.
All right...
I -- you know -- look, I've given a lot of speeches, and there were certain times during book tours I give a speech, maybe similar to a stump speech. I go to the same city. I don't use notes when I speak, but I say the same things. I do the same jokes. Every candidate does that.
And you seem to have been singled out. Does that bother you -- in other words, singled out for using the same lines?
That's a good point, yes.
Do you wish you...
... fought back harder against Christie...
... thought Christie was a little too harsh.
All right...
All right...
One final question. Going forward -- some people say this was a big setback for your campaign. You're going to South Carolina. You got Nevada. Walk us through your path, how you see victory for the presidency, for the nomination.
And when we come back, Dr. Benjamin Carson did not have a good night in New Hampshire. He's here to explain the state of his campaign.
And later, Hillary Clinton turns to racial politics after getting crushed by Bernie Sanders last night in New Hampshire. That and more tonight on HANNITY.
Welcome back to HANNITY. Now last night Dr. Benjamin Carson may not have finished as well as he hoped for in New Hampshire, but he's not disillusioned. The Carson campaign continues on in South Carolina where the next Republican primary is only 10 days away.
Joining us now from the Palmetto State, 2016 Republican presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson. Sir, how are you?
You had a respectable double digit finish in Iowa. Last night didn't go the way you wanted. Do you see for yourself a path where you believe you can win the nomination?
OK. There is some that have questioned your decision after Iowa. It's not just about going back to Florida and changing your clothes, which we know became a big deal. But then you went to Washington and you didn't get back into New Hampshire, if I'm correct until, what, Thursday after the Monday night caucuses. Correct?
Why?
So strategically what you're saying is you made a decision you were not going to compete as hard in New Hampshire but more focused on South Carolina where two thirds of the electorate are evangelicals. Fair analysis?
OK, so then you have Nevada. You have then Super Tuesday. You have the SEC primary. So you're in at least through then. Fair statement?
Yes. You got a little annoyed with the media, which, by the way, a daily obsession of mine. I'm not a big media fan although I'm in the media, but I would like to think this is alternative media for many people, saying that they are preoccupied with dissecting the minutia of your schedule. So you felt it was unfair and should have figured out you weren't competing in New Hampshire and that your plan is a little different than other candidates. For example, John Kasich didn't really compete in Iowa.
I have asked you and I'll ask you again. If you got elected president, tell everybody what your first 100 days would be like.
I understand that Ted Cruz wanted to meet with you and talk with you at the debate last weekend. Is that settled in your mind?
All right, Dr. Carson, always good to have you. Thank you for being with us.
And coming up next tonight right here on HANNITY --
After getting totally rocked by Bernie Sanders in New Hampshire, Hillary Clinton is now using the race card in a pretty desperate attempt to save her failing campaign. Our panel will have reaction coming up next, that and more tonight as we continue.
Welcome back to HANNITY. So last night was a total disaster for 2016 Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. Now, she lost New Hampshire primary by a wide margin to self-proclaimed socialist Bernie Sanders. Now after her disastrous and embarrassing defeat, in an attempt to boost her polls in South Carolina, Clinton broke out the trusty race card. Watch this.
And that's not all. Last night Clinton's campaign manager sent out a memo that reads in part, quote, "It will be very difficult if not impossible for a Democrat to win the nomination without strong levels of support among African-American and Hispanic voters." It goes on to read "Hillary's high levels and support in the African American and Hispanic communities are well known. She has maintained a wide double digit lead over Senator Sanders among minority voters in national surveys and in states where African-American and Hispanic voters make up a large share of the electorate."
And following the New Hampshire victory Bernie Sanders, he made a stop in Harlem today to meet with none other than the Reverend Al Sharpton.
Joining us now is the chairman of the Tea Party Forward, which is Niger Innis, FOX News contributor, radio talk show host Leslie Marshall, political commentator Eric Guster. Really, that's what you're going to do is go straight to Al Sharpton. Let's go kiss the ring.
OK. Reach out to a guy with his background and history. He used the term "Greek homos." He called the first black mayor of New York City the n-word multiple times. Is that the guy you go to?
Oh, 15 years ago. Everything I said five seconds ago is fine. It is all legit.
OK.
Niger Innis, TheNation.com, hardly part of the vast right wing conspirator, "Why Hillary Clinton does not" -- pan in -- "deserve the black vote." Right there. My question to you, in other words, it goes through detailed how the Clinton policies have not helped black America. Certainly black America has been disproportionately negatively impacted under Obama. So why would the black community vote for Hillary when Bernie Sanders also did well with the minority vote in New Hampshire?
Leslie, let me go to you. If you look at the exit polls last night, and you're a Democrat, Sanders clobbered Hillary over an issue I've been bringing up. Most of American, some 60 plus percent, do not find her honest and trustworthy, and most people don't feel that she cares about them. And here is the most interesting tidbit of the night. How is it possible, Hillary, the entire state of New Hampshire is Bernie Sanders except for like four little counties. That is it. And yet Hillary walks away with more delegates out of New Hampshire than Bernie Sanders? Tell me that is not corruption within Democratic ranks, after the coin flip win in Iowa, all six of them.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Without the coin flip, let me throw this to Eric, she loses to Iowa. She has fewer delegates. But she won all six of them. Now, because the eight super delegates in New Hampshire are all part of the Clinton machine, all of them, forget the will of the people, the Democratic Party in New Hampshire, forget that, she comes out the winner. And according to "The Daily Caller," they're actually claiming Hillary has 300 plus delegates and Bernie has 42 and he won both states in my estimation.
I agree with you. That was the narrative. Everybody is saying that. I am like, no, that is not happening.
And huge.
I predict, Niger, that this assumption that everybody is making, prove it to me. I don't think -- she's apparently is believing that she has the minority vote locked up. I don't think that is the case. Thoughts?
Leslie, we have 10 seconds.
Thank you all.
So far, so bad is right. That was a beat down.
All right, coming up, a big, important "Question of the Day," and we need your help, straight ahead.
And time for the "Question of the Day." So what do you think of last night's New Hampshire primary results? Just go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think. We always love hearing from you.
That is all the time we have left this evening. As always, thanks for being with us. We'll see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2016 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 117  ***************************************************
 The countdown to Iowa is on. And new polls show that Donald Trump is surging.
The 2016 Republican presidential front-runner is here tonight with reaction.
Then, Ohio governor John Kasich seems to be building momentum in New Hampshire.
The GOP contender will reveal what's behind his steady rise.
And Hillary Clinton's campaign tries to blame her private server scandal on Republicans.
Dinesh D'Souza and Joe Trippi will be here tonight to react.
All of that, plus 2016 GOP candidate Jeb Bush joins us." "Hannity" starts right here, right now.
And welcome to "Hannity." And tonight, the Iowa caucuses are only 11 days away, and 2016 Republican front-runner Donald Trump continues to top his Republican rivals. In a brand-new Monmouth University national poll, Trump leads with 36 percent, Senator Ted Cruz in second. He has 17 percent. Senator Marco Rubio in third with 11 percent.
Also, a new CNN/ORC poll released today out of Iowa now has Trump on top with 37 percent, Cruz 26 has percent. And out of New Hampshire, a brand- new CNN/WMUR poll has Trump leading with 34 percent. Cruz is in second with 14.
Here with reaction of -- of course, the author of the book, "CrippledAmerica: How to Make America Great Again," which is his mantra, 2016 Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. Well, there were two polls in Iowa today. The Emerson College poll had you by 10. The CNN poll had you by 11.
Why all of a sudden now the big surge? It had been tightening up a little bit.
Well, you have gotten some criticism from some conservatives about the back and forth between you and Ted Cruz, and I want to ask you about it. Mark Levin is mad at the tone. Rush Limbaugh said, you know, that this is national and populism, not necessarily conservatism. Newt Gingrich said on this program this week that you are demeaning yourself if you get into a fight in this particular case.
But the polls show you winning. So do you go with the polls that it works when you go back and forth, or do you say, yes, maybe -- maybe my relationship with Ted Cruz can be repaired?
I want to...
Let me -- let me go through -- if these polls hold up, you will be the Republican nominee. I know a lot of your agenda, but I want to go over it with 11 days to Iowa, maybe closing argument sort of thing.
Yes. And ISIS -- you would take their oil and bomb the living daylights out of them. Tell me...
I want you to expand -- for maybe those people, those few people that are left that are undecided in Iowa or New Hampshire, tell them what else a Trump presidency would look like.
I like the repatriation.
Yes, well, I agree with that.
Let me -- let me ask you this...
Tax benefits.
A big part of your campaign is about how America has made stupid deals, and as the president, you would negotiate better deals. You'd blow up the entire Iran deal, which needs to be blown up. You would negotiate better deals with China, better deals with Japan, better deals with Mexico.
Here's my question. You have -- if you look at the American electorate right now -- and I can't myself among them, and I'm a registered conservative -- I'm angry at Washington, even Republicans, because they have contributed to the debt. They're the ones that allowed Obama's executive amnesty. They wouldn't use the power of the purse.
In terms of negotiating with a Congress that has shown itself to have zero to little discipline, how will you hold the line when they want to raise the deficit and the debt? How do you negotiate with those, you know, life- long politicians if you become the president?
Sad. You can't do it.
John Kerry.
I have the cut.
Want me to play it? Want me to play it for our audience so they...
I just cannot believe...
... he said that!
Unbelievable!
It's scary.
It is insane...
If Congress comes to you...
... and they hand a budget and it's going to blow the deficit through the roof, you're going to hold the line. Correct?
All right, stay right there.
You think in five years?
All right. Well...
I want the country -- I know most Americans are with you, wanting the country to be better and stronger. We'll take a break. More with Donald Trump.
Later, Governor John Kasich -- we'll check in with him, also Jeb Bush, and much more straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." We continue with 2016 Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
Yes, I...
I'll put it up on the screen.
I've got that...
It's over.
For you.
Did you see this intelligence community inspector general report about Hillary? On top of the 1,300 e-mails, they now discovered that they now have a Special Access Program that they discovered in this new report. Every single one of those e-mails would represent a felony, if this turns out to be true. And by the way, this was a guy appointed by Obama, confirmed by a Democratic-controlled Senate. I'm beginning to wonder if she gets there. What are your thoughts about Hillary making it...
I agree.
Yes.
Yes!
You want to run against her...
All right, let me ask you this. You know, I don't...
Yes. Go ahead.
You know, I don't like sore losers in life. Lindsey Graham came out today and said, you know, the battle between you and Ted Cruz, it's like being poisoned or being shot. There's palpable...
I mean, he didn't even have -- he was, like, an asterisk and maybe he had 1 percent in his own state. I don't like sore losers, and he seems like he's bitter.
... establishment people that don't like you. What do you say to them if you get the nomination?
Yes.
All right, I have a last question.
We're running out of time.
I don't want to waste it all on him.
If Donald Trump...
... commits to fighting a war, is it we go to win it or we don't go at all? Last question.
All right, Mr. Trump, always a pleasure. Thank you so much for being with us -- 11 days. Getting close. Thank you.
And when we come back, we'll check in with Ohio governor John Kasich, and he'll join us next.
And then later, how much trouble is Hillary really in? We'll ask Jeb Bush. And the debate, can Hillary go to jail. That's straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." 2016 Republican presidential candidate, Ohio governor John Kasich -- well, he's been spending a lot time campaigning in New Hampshire, and he's now seeing a major bump in the polls. The latest CNN/WMUR poll for the Granite State -- it now shows Donald Trump on top with 34 percent, Ted Cruz in second with 14, Jeb Bush, Marco Rubio both have 10 percent. And there is a three-way tie -- Chris Christie, John Kasich and Rand Paul all have 6 percent.
Now, that doesn't tell the full story. A new American Research Group poll shows Trump in first with 27 percent, John Kasich in second place in this poll with 20 percent. And a recent America News Network Gravis poll tells a similar story, showing John Kasich in second with 15 percent, and trailing only Trump, who has 35 percent.
Joining us now, the man himself, 2016 Republican presidential candidate, Ohio governor John Kasich. How do you get 20 percent in second place one day, and the next day, you get a poll that has you at 6 percent? Can you help me out with that? That didn't change that much overnight.
All right, so how do things feel for you on the ground in New Hampshire? You've spent more time there than Iowa. And let's say you do get second place in New Hampshire. Is that good enough?
Let me -- what do you make of this election cycle? I mean, you can say the year of the outsider or the year of the insurgency candidate. I know when you worked with Newt, you weren't exactly loved and mainstream, or establishment at the time. I think you were pretty hated at the time yourself.
But maybe they've gotten used to you now and they like you a little bit more. But there's obviously a reason for this. What do you think it is?
Well, then -- I've allowed Ted Cruz -- and we're in the process now of giving the candidates an opportunity for what I'm calling closing arguments. We had Donald Trump. We've had Marco Rubio on. We'll have Jeb Bush on later.
My question for you is, give your closing argument heading into Iowa. Now, I know you aren't competing in Iowa the way you are in New Hampshire. Fair statement?
OK. So your closing arguments on why people really need to go for you.
All right. And you think you can beat Trump at golf, too, right?
Oh!
Oh! All right. Governor, good to see you. And we'll see you up in New Hampshire in a couple of weeks. Thanks for being with us.
All right. And coming up next tonight on this busy news night here on "Hannity"...
All right, despite all the damning evidence now mounting against Hillary Clinton, well, once again, she tries to brush aside her private server scandal. Dinesh D'Souza, Joe Trippi -- they're here to weigh in.
And then later tonight...
Jeb Bush -- he takes aim at Donald Trump in a new ad depicting the Clinton presidency if, in fact, Donald Trump wins the Republican nomination. We'll check in with the former governor. We'll get his closing arguments, as well, as "Hannity" continues.
Welcome back to HANNITY. Another damning new report for Hillary Clinton. Catherine Herridge now reporting that some of the e-mails found on Clinton's private server were so secretive, so sensitive that even lawmakers with high security clearances are not allowed to see them. Earlier during an interview on CNN, Clinton was asked about this new report. Here's what she said.
Here with reaction, FOX News contributor Joe Trippi, and the author of "Stealing America, What my Experience with Criminal Gangs Taught me about Obama, Hillary, and the Democratic Party," "New York Times" bestselling author, filmmaker, Dinesh D'Souza. Good to see you both.
The original comment, Joe, was "I never sent or received classified material." Then it became "I never sent or received material that was marked classified." Then it became, oh, we got e-mails that told her subordinates to actually erase the heading and still send the information. And now we have the inspector general approved by a Democratic majority Senate, the inspector general now making the case that in fact dozens of e-mails were found and discovered with classifications that are known as SAP, an acronym for special access programs, beyond that of top secret.
So I would argue that if all of that is true and the inspector general is right, every one of those e-mails represents a single felony count in an indictment, if true, because it is a violation of law.
Joe, do you think the intelligence community's inspector general Charles McCullough, appointed by Obama, approved by a Democratic majority in the Senate. Do you think that he aligned himself as the Clinton campaign is claiming and worked with Republicans to leak these materials to harm her politically? Do you believe that?
Your issue that got you into prison which you talk publicly about and you do in your book is so minor compared to this. And how many months--
You mean in a mom and pop shop in a bathroom? Listen, not only top secret information, several dozen e-mails from the special access program that are higher level of security than top secret, and even -- this is the amazing thing -- these e-mails are so secret, some members of Congress can't see them.
Do you think an inspector general for the intelligence community would actually work with Republicans to leak this information, or is he giving them factual information, it was given to Congress, that in fact he discovered this?
Let me go back to you for the campaign, Joe. Bill Clinton, little nervous, saying it is time to change strategy. Only six people met Hillary at an airport in Texas. Hillary is now recruiting every famous person she knows to help her. She's complaining in fund-raising letters she's being outspent by Bernie Sanders. There is some talk that Bernie Sanders supporters might not support her in a general election. And the polls show Bernie up in Iowa and New Hampshire. Not looking good for Hillary.
But she's behind Bernie Sanders in Iowa and 27 points behind in one poll in New Hampshire.
And what if she loses South Carolina after that?
You're saying there's too many white people in those states to vote for Hillary.
Joe, if she loses Iowa and New Hampshire, as these polls show, Dinesh, I argue it is a massive story and major panic --
Do you think she gets indicted? Do you think the FBI recommends indictment?
Joe, I think there are numerous, but we'll see when the time comes.
All right, coming up next tonight on this busy news night here on HANNITY --
Former Florida governor Jeb Bush released a new ad predicting a Clinton presidency if Donald Trump wins the Republican nomination. We'll check in with Governor Bush next here tonight on HANNITY.
Welcome back to HANNITY. So with just 11 days to go until the Iowa caucuses, candidates are hitting the campaign trail hard, and former Florida governor Jeb Bush has released a new campaign ad that imagines a future one year from now in which Donald Trump wins the GOP nomination but doesn't beat Hillary Clinton in the general election. Watch this.
Now earlier I sat down with 2016 Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush to talk about this and much more.
Governor, good to see you, sir.
So in the final days of the campaign things get a little heated. You released a pretty tough ad against Donald Trump. You said that if he wins the nomination Hillary becomes president. Do you believe that?
I looked at our slate of candidates or slate of Republican Party candidates, I'm a registered conservative. I think we have good people running. I really do.
I see Bernie Sanders as now beating Hillary by 27 points in New Hampshire.
With all the talk about the in-fighting with the Republican candidates, their frontrunner isn't looking good at all. Your thoughts?
I look at this inspector general report. I'm talking about the intelligence community inspector general, a guy by the name of Charles McCullough, and what they found in their findings after a review of intelligence agencies, they've now identified on top of the 1,300 e-mails that were classified in Hillary's server, an additional several dozen e- mails that had a classification level beyond top secret, a special access program, SAP classification. Every one of those is an indictable offense, a felony. Do you think she might be indicted here?
One of the things, I'm trying to give every candidate an opportunity, governor, is to make closing statements. So we'll be in Iowa next week and we hope to be able to catch up with you on the road out there. But to begin to make the closing statement as to why as we head into Iowa caucuses why you think you are the best person to be the next president. I want to really just hand you the microphone and give you that opportunity.
Governor, I feel bad for the millions of Americans out of the labor force, in poverty, and on food stamps. I feel bad that average family median income is down. I feel bad for our children, the doubling of the debt. I worry about ISIS. I worry about the Iranian mullahs building a nuclear weapon, the partnership of Iran and Vladimir Putin. These are very dangerous times to me, and I concur with you is that we really do need somebody that know what's they're doing, because there is a lot at stake in this election.
All right, governor, good to see you, as always. We'll see you in Iowa next week. Thanks so much for being with us.
And up next, we need your help with tonight's "Question of the Day."
All right, time for our "Question of the Day." So, do you think the Clintons will ever stop blaming Republicans for their scandals? In this case they're blaming the intelligence community inspector general, appointed by Obama, confirmed by Democrats, for leaking and coordinating with Republicans. That is pretty paranoid. We want your opinion. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
That is all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. We'll see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2016 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 118  ***************************************************
 All right. Let's start with what the media will not tell you tonight. Some of the biggest news in today's indictment is what is not included. It does not say that Donald Trump colluded with the Russians. It does not say that anybody on the Trump campaign colluded with the Russians. It does not say that President Trump obstructed justice. It does not say that Donald Trump Jr. attempted to collude with the Russians.
Now, the same goes for Lieutenant General Michael Flynn and Attorney General Jeff Sessions. The biggest examples of Russian collusion for 2016 that we know about, that we have real concrete evidence of, is, one, Hillary Clinton, bought and paid for dossier. The one that used Russian government sources to peddle Russian propaganda, lies, to influence the American people in the past election in 2016.
And the other example of Russia collusion, number two, is that we know to be true, deals with Uranium One and Vladimir Putin and people he had on the ground in America involved in bribery and money laundering and kickback and racketeering schemes. It all took place in this country. We will have more on this later tonight.
But first, here are the key points from this indictment. Thirteen Russian nationals, three Russian companies, launched the campaign of information warfare. It started back in 2014. And eventually culminated in interfering with the 2016 election. The goal was simple, to sow political discord in the United States of America. Yes, no kidding.
Now, we have been telling you all about Uranium One, all about the dossier, filled with Russian lies. Now this is critical. After the election the same Russian trolls that attempted to undermine then President-elect Donald Trump, well, they went out there, President Trump finally is reacting to this today, because they were undermining the president after the election. Russia started their anti-U.S. campaign in 2014, long before he announced that he would run for president. He said I. And then the results of the election were not impacted. The Trump campaign did nothing wrong, no collusion.
Now, the White House -- they also put out a statement tonight, quoting the president, they said, quote, it is more important than ever before to come together as Americans. We cannot allow those seeking to sew confusion, discord, rancor to be successful. It's time we stop the outlandish partisan attacks, the wild false allegations, the farfetched theories which only serve to further the agendas of bad actors like Russia and do nothing to protect the principles of our institutions. We must unite as Americans to protect the integrity of our democracy, our elections.
Now, that this indictment shows is nothing short of a sophisticated effort by the Russians to gain influence in America. Now, we have been telling you this, about Vladimir Putin, about Russian operatives, about how they've been involved in sophisticated schemes. We have been going back to as early as 2009.
Remember, he had people, operatives on the ground with the purpose of breaking into America's uranium market. We also told you how those Russian operatives were involved and we knew it because we had an insider on the ground, an FBI informant that they were involved in bribery, in kickbacks, and money laundering, racketeering, all in a scheme, yes, tied to Hillary Clinton.
Now, that's the deal with the Clinton State Department and the Obama administration. They ignored this FBI investigation. What this informant was telling them was going on in the inside. And inexplicably they approved in 2010 giving Vladimir Putin control of over 20 percent of America's uranium market.
We had the informant warning us on the inside the entire time. Nobody listened. And the clueless media, they ignored this Russian interference.
Now, this only matters apparently if the Russians are involved, if you can use it to bludgeon president Trump politically. Now, sadly, Putin and Russia, they were successful in 2010, they got the uranium. Now, even though we already have a shortage of uranium in America, we have to import uranium.
Now, let's get back to the indictment. It lays out allegations that begin in 2014. Where Russian nationals, they were working together, with a troll farm located in St. Petersburg, Russia, trying to influence the election. Why wouldn't they after they got uranium?
Now, they did this by, quote, posing as U.S. persons and creating false U.S. personas, social media pages and groups designed to attract U.S. audiences. Now, these Russian trolls also staged political rallies while pretending to be American political activists and paid Americans in the U.S. to attack certain candidates.
This operation at a monthly budget of over $1 million. It included Russians that were operating inside this country, just like they were in 2009. In this case, again, the Russians got caught red-handed. And as we have been explaining, well, there were no Americans, including anybody from the Trump campaign, that were knowingly involved and these efforts did not impact the election results.
Now, here's what the deputy attorney general, Rod Rosenstein, said earlier today.
And you people in the media that paid no attention to Putin and his operatives in 2009 and '10 and Uranium One, pay close attention to what Rosenstein says here. Take a listen.
Both in New York the same day.
So, the Russians were actually organizing rallies and engaging in political activities for both campaigns. And after the election, they were seeking to undermine then-President-elect Donald Trump.
Here's how it lays out, quote: In and around November of 2016, defendants and their co-conspirators organized a rally in New York through one organization-controlled groups designed to show your support for President- elect Donald Trump held on or about November 12th, 2016. At the exact same time, defendants and their co-conspirators through another organization- controlled group, they organized a rally also in New York called "Trump is not my president" held on or about November 12, 2016.
Now, similarly, defendants and their co-conspirators organized a rally entitled Charlotte against Trump in Charlotte, North Carolina, held on or about November 19th, 2016.
So, this wasn't as one-sided as the media is trying to make it out to be. In fact, this indictment continues to prove that the media has been wrong and lying to the American people, no evidence, for over a year now, pushing their bizarre conspiracy theories about Trump-Russia collusion. That with no evidence is nonexistent. You may remember a lot of this.
It's been over a year these types of comments without any evidence, facts obviously don't matter to the fake news media. No evidence of collusion. And this indictment says no American, no member of the Trump campaign wittingly tried to help the Russians.
Now, you know, a lot of people are shocked by this indictment, and there was a gigantic, collective gasp from liberals, the mainstream media, when this news came out earlier today. Why is anybody surprised? That's my question.
Russian election interference, it goes back decades. As we have been reporting an FBI informant that is now talking to three separate congressional committees and just the last couple of weeks, well, he discovered back in 2009, undercover for six years, all told 30 years in his life, but he noticed in 2009 this was an informant, with the FBI, about a plan that Vladimir Putin had to corner America's uranium market. This all started in 2009.
Then he discovered there was bribery, kickbacks, money laundering, racketeering and other types of extortion going on. The FBI, then-run by Ronald Mueller, they were being informed every step of the way. And they did nothing. Robert Mueller has questions to answer.
And this informant is also saying Russia paid millions to a lobbying firm, all in an attempt to influence then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. That company APCO Worldwide. They deny the allegations. Now, this Putin- led operation back in 2009, nobody in the media is telling you, started over years before, a year and a half before the CFIUS board, that's nine Obama federal agencies, including Hillary as secretary of state, Eric Holder at Justice, approved the sale of Uranium One.
And key players involved in that decision, they should have known all this was going on. But they approved it anyway. And the real question is, knowing all of this, knowing Putin's efforts in '09 and knowing we didn't have enough uranium in America, why would CFIUS and all of these agencies and the Obama administration, why did they allow Russia a hostile foreign entity to take control of 20 percent of our uranium? The foundational material to make nuclear weapons. And we're supposed to be surprised today's indictments?
Now, here's the other aspect of all of this, the left, the corrupt media will never tell you about. The Russian influence campaign, all right, this -- they told you about today, goes back to 2014. Where the hell is the Obama administration? What did they do then to stop this?
Now, remember, NBC news reported after the election the Obama administration didn't do more to stop Russia because they thought Hillary was going to win. That's NBC. So, in other words, it sounds like the Obama administration, they were complicit in this, they dropped the ball. And they were definitely in this case more warning signs you can shake a stick at.
In April 2016, the House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, he warned America's inability to predict Vladimir Putin's plans would be, quote, the biggest intelligence failure that we have had since 9/11. How right sadly he was.
Now, Barack Obama needs to tell you, the American people, what he knew and when he knew it. Maybe Obama didn't take the Russian threat seriously. Remember back during the 2012 election during a debate, he was mocking Mitt Romney. Mitt Romney was warning about the Russian threat.
Take look.
Yes, a year later, Putin had his people bribing, extorting, money laundering all in America to get involved in our uranium markets.
Given what we know, President Obama and top members of his administration, they owe you an explanation. Hillary owes you an explanation because what this did is a dereliction of duty. They failed to stop a major national security threat.
We did reach out to Obama's office for comments, shockingly we haven't heard back.
And another example of Russian collusion, of course, is the Clinton bought and paid for -- Clinton bought and paid for dossier filled with Russian and Russian government lies and propaganda. Hillary Clinton and the DNC, they shelled out, what, over $12 million to fund this salacious and, o course, unverified dossier that was later used as the bulk of information to get a FISA warrant to spy on the Trump campaign. The same dossier the Republican memos found that the FBI used to lie in that FISA court to get that warrant to spy on a member of the Trump campaign.
The FBI, Fusion GPS, nobody verified what was in the dossier, to this day we haven't proven a thing in the dossier. And we know that the bulk of that FISA application was made up of a political hit piece document put together by a former British spy, Christopher Steel, using Russian government sources and some of Hillary's best friend as sources. Now, also breaking, a lot of developments tonight as it relates to the case of Bruce and Nellie Ohr.
Now, we first reported on this husband and wife duo, after it was discovered that Bruce Ohr, remember the high-ranking Justice Department official, remember, he passed on the anti-Trump Steele dossier, he gave it to the FBI. It was his wife, Nellie, working for Fusion GPS on the dossier.
And according to a report in The Daily Caller, Bruce Ohr, he attempted to hide now his wife's involvement with Fusion GPS by not disclosing on required legal ethic forms that Nellie Ohr was paid by Fusion GPS. Instead, Ohr listed his wife as cyber security analyst and did not disclose Fusion GPS in any way. But that's not all. According to the report, Bruce Ohr, quote, did not obtain a conflict of interest waiver from his superiors at the Justice Department.
So, was Bruce Ohr intentionally covering up his wife's involvement for Fusion GPS and the Russian dossier? And given that intentionally falsifying government ethics documents results in jail time is Mueller's investigation, are they going to charge Bruce Ohr? Don't hold your breath.
Now also tonight, new information about James Comey's memos. Byron York, Washington Examiner points out very interesting article with the headline, why are the Comey memos secret. Now, Byron York is reporting that in July of 2017, the FBI did allow lawmakers to see the memo about Comey's version of conversations that he had with President Trump later leaked to the professor that leaked to the FBI that led to Robert Mueller. But anyway, the FBI made sure the information in these memos was severely restricted. Why would that be?
Now, Comey testified under oath that he gave the memos to that friend, they leaked to the New York Times, in the hopes that Robert Mueller would be appointed as special counsel. It happened. Now, you would think that if those memos were so explosive and so damning and so damaging and proved obstruction of justice which we keep hearing about, like Comey and the media and the Democrats are claiming, why don't we release the memos?
But they are keeping them secret for a reason. Take a look at how Congressman Trey Gowdy, South Carolina, described the memos back in December.
Defense exhibit A. So, the entire so-called scandal with the memo created by Comey, perpetrated by the Democrats and the left wing media, complicit with the Democrats, it is absolutely a farce. It's a mere political tactic. It's been used to damage President Trump and undermine his presidency.
Now, all of the Comey memos should be released. What are they hiding?
Now, also tonight, while today's indictment showed that Mueller is conducting serious work in the ongoing Russia investigation, which by the way nobody should be surprised about, there's still deeply concerning issues surrounding the team of liberal anti-Trump partisan investigators that Mueller tapped to lead his probe.
Now, this includes Mueller's top prosecutor, Andrew Weissmann, or as The New York Times calls him, Mueller's pit bull. Now, for months, we've been reporting on Weissmann's generous donations to Democratic political campaigns, including thousands to president Obama. The Wall Street Journal had revealed that Weissmann actually attended 2016 election night victory party for Hillary Clinton. And you can't forget that Weissmann actually praised then Acting Attorney General Sally Yates for defying President Trump's travel ban after she was fired.
Now, aside from Weissmann's clear political bias, the long time prosecutor has also been accused of employing aggressive, sketchy prosecutorial tactics which led to the imprisonment of four innocent Merrill Lynch executives. That case was ultimately overturned by the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. And Weissmann's aggressive prosecution's led to the downfall of the accounting giant Arthur Andersen. Tens of thousands of people lost their jobs.
And, by the way, the Supreme Court, they overturned them again 9-0 in that case. And we also have a brand new damning report tonight. Sara Carter who will join us in a minute, detailing even more misconduct, including a 1997 case about Andrew Weissmann, that was -- he was officially reprimanded by the judge for withholding evidence when he failed to disclose that the witness on behalf of the prosecution was also working for years as an FBI informant. This is an organized crime case.
In a memorandum, the judge reportedly described Weissmann's conduct as, quote, myopic withholding of information, reprehensible and subject, perhaps, to appropriate disciplinary measures. Oh, that's the guy Mueller hired? Ultimately, no such measures were taken, Weissmann's name was retroactively wiped from the complaint and after a Weissmann ally fought to remove his name.
And more recently, Weissmann was reported to the Department of Justice inspector general and Senate Judiciary Committee for, quote, corrupt legal practices. In fact, civil rights attorney David Schoen, he called for Weissmann to be investigated for this alleged past misconduct. We did reach out to the special counsel's office for comments on Sara's reporting, shockingly, they don't answer our calls.
The sum of all of this is this. The big news today, zero evidence, again, a year-plus, no evidence that Trump, his campaign, colluded in any way, shape, matter, or form. We have been telling you this for over a year. Shows us the evidence. We want to see it.
Now, it's time for the Democrats and the media to finally start telling the truth to you, the American people, about the situation. And that means to tell you about real collusion as it relates to Uranium One in 2009. As it relates to why would you allow Putin and his operatives to get away with that.
And number two, as it relates to the bought and paid for phony dossier that was all designed to manipulate the American people. Tonight, we have comprehensive analysis. Sara Carter, Gregg Jarrett, Dr. Gorka, Judge Jeanine Pirro and much more on this busy, special edition HANNITY breaking news night.
All right. As we continue, joining us now with reaction to tonight's opening monologue, FOX News contributor, investigative reporter Sara Carter, Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett, former deputy assistant to the president, Fox News national security strategist Sebastian Gorka.
All right. Gregg, I'll just let you respond to everything today and the only thing I'm going to say is the only thing shocking to me is that anybody is shocked because we have been telling everybody about Russia's work, influence, dirty deeds in this country now for a long time. And the rest of the media has been literally ignoring the biggest story in their life if they can open their eyes.
Listen to what Trey Gowdy said. Let's see the Comey memos. He said exhibit A for the defense, exculpatory. Release them.
All right. Sara, end of the day, Russians actually campaigned for and against Donald Trump in this whole thing. That's -- what an irony. They wanted to sew discord, just like they were able to manipulate America and the Obama administration to get 20 percent of our uranium everyone else ignores.
Tick-tock, there's a lot more to come about how they were manipulated. How they were engaged with the Clinton campaign. Dr. Gorka my favorite is the day they had a pro Trump rally and organize an anti- Trump rally in the same City on the same day. Let us speaks volumes.
You mean, McCabe and Comey and Strzok and Loretta Lynch and Page just to name a few, you mean they had an agenda? You mean they exonerated Hillary? I can't wait for the I.G. report to come out. If the I.G. does his job that means the fix was in, the process was screwed and it was set up and rigged from day one.
We are getting to the truth in part without revealing sources and methods to use a phrase of late, because of honest FBI guys. Honest people in the intelligence community. Sara, I know who our sources are in some cases. Dr. Gorka as you look at this and, where do you think this Mueller is going? I see a guy that is blind in his ambition that has hired a team of DNC Obama Hillary sycophant's anti-Trump activist that are like on a mission to destroy the President.
All right. What about Andrew Weissmann, not only got beaten by the Supreme Court overturned 9-0 and the fifth circuit court of appeal appeals, this piece you wrote today, Sara, this guy twice has withheld evidence in cases and this is what the New York Times describes as Mueller's pit bull? Why is he even there?
I want Robert Mueller to explain to America how a guy that withheld evidence in two cases and lost 9-0 in the Supreme Court, sent people to jail for a year, overturned by the fifth circuit, why was he ever appointed to be his pit bull? I want that answer tonight.
I could keep you on all night. Great job, everybody. We'll absorb all of this and reconvene on Monday, you guys have a great weekend. We still have a lot coming up. The FBI admitted today that the bureau received a tip about the Florida school shooter last month. This is tip two, they didn't act upon. Judge Jeannine Pirro weighs in on that and of course our lead story tonight.
As we continue the Special edition of Hannity, following those horrific shootings at the Florida high school on Wednesday, law enforcement reminded the public that if you see something say something, but today it was revealed that last month the FBI failed to act on such a tip. According to a statement from the FBI a person close to Nikolas Cruz contacted the bureau's tip line January 5 and provided, quote, information about Cruz's gun ownership, a desire to kill people, erratic behavior and disturbing social media posts as well as the potential of him conducting a school shooting. Following the tip the FBI failed to investigate the information.
The FBI Director, Christopher Wray responded to the news, saying quote, I am committed to getting to the bottom of what happened in this particular matter as well as reviewing our processes or responding to information that we received from the public. The Florida Governor Rick Scott, is calling on Director Wray to resign. The Attorney General has ordered an immediate review of the process at the Department of Justice in the FBI. Marco Rubio is asking for the same. Here with reaction, the host of "Justice," Judge Jeannine Pirro. I understand everybody is busy. I understand that mistakes could be made. This costs lives. There's no other way to put it.
It never got to the Miami field office, Judge, never.
Remember, you had the other guy, too. That actually got a screen shot of him say I want to be a professional school shooter.
Let's go to today's news, today's indictment. I think that annoys me more than anything else is people like, well, the Russians tried to influence the election. Well we've been telling everybody about what the Russians did with uranium one, we've been talking about Hillary's bought and paid for dossier, nobody in the media is covering any of those stories. We have evidence and facts in those cases. And we knew about Facebook, we knew about google, we've known this. It started in 2014.
All right. Let me ask you this, I look at Mueller's team, Obama donors, Clinton donors, DNC donors, nobody likes Trump. Then you look at a guy like Andrew Weissmann, 9-0 Supreme Court, people go to jail for a year, tens of thousands lose their job, he is the pit bull. I want to know why Robert Mueller appointed that man and the rest of these DNC donors and Trump haters.
In 2009 we had an informant that is a great point.
They aren't talking about it anymore.
All right, Judge. By the way don't miss the Judge tomorrow night, tune in for justice with Judge Jeannine Pirro. All right. When we come back the liberal media, they have done a great disservice to you, the American people, and not digging for the truth, they don't want the truth, they have an agenda. You know who knows? Sean Spicer, he will explains next.
Welcome back to a special edition of "Hannity."
All throughout the Russia collusion investigation the media has done a great disservice to you, the American people using the platform, their powerful platforms just to attack the President. They didn't dig for the truth. Here with reaction former White House press secretary Sean Spicer. Look, I don't know how you did that job. I don't know how Sarah Sanders does the job. I would not be able to do that job.
It would be entertaining for about a day. And wouldn't end well. But in a serious note, when you have Russian collusion, and Hillary paying for a Russian dossier, to lie to the American people, totally unverified, then it is used for a FISA warrant, the bulk of that information unverified. And you have the 2009 issue of Putin operatives in the United States committing crimes trying to get into the uranium market. We ignore it, even though we had an informant when that happened. How is it possible that the press only cares about Trump Russia and nothing else Russia?
Well, I mean, that is the whole point here, is it really, did they really care about the truth or is it, and they only care about the narrative that hurts the President. I watched this dog and pony show every day, you did it, then Sarah is doing it every day, I don't know what the purpose of it is at some point. Sarah can give a statement and say that is all I have to say and keep going.
It was a lot over the line. That is the point. And I just know that if a conservative says one thing one word one sentence one phrase, the reaction is like, oh, you know, the outrage, no revising and extending remarks, or even apologizing if you were wrong and misstate something.
Do you see that the media is complicit, after all that time you spent as press secretary, you don't have to answer if you don't want. Are they complicit? Are they, do you see them totally in the tank for one side as I do?
All right, Sean Spicer, thank you. We appreciate it. More Hannity coming up right after the break.
I have a homework assignment for everyone else in the media. If you're so shocked that Russia tried to influence the election, go read and learn about what happened with uranium one. Go learn something about the dossier. Clinton paid for it, full of Russian and government lies. We have so much more on Monday. We hope you will join us. We will always be fair and balance, never the destroy Trump media. Have a great weekend, thanks for being with us. Laura Ingraham is up next. See you Monday.
Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 119  ***************************************************
 All right. Phil, 17 families tonight having a deal with losing loved ones. Unbelievable.
All right, Tracy. Look at it we keep going back every time these shootings occur we've got as you call the social media footprint and one has to wonder why there's not a stronger presence, why oh -- you know, when you have one kid saying today everyone predicted it about this student or the student wasn't allowed to bring a backpack to school and the student was expelled -- you know, I don't want to politicize this as others have already tonight. But if one wonders, can we have retired military, retired policemen, you know, in our schools of first line of defense?
It doesn't mean it's going to work every time, but it certainly -- I think if everybody asks themselves a question, if they have traced an active shooter in an administrative building of any kind, would they rather have military -- retired military, retired police there, I think we owe it to our students because I don't think you can take evil out of people's hearts.
If a kid gets thrown on a school and I'm not casting aspersions or blame on anybody, always blame the person responsible. But if you're going to throw a kid out of school for disciplinary reasons, it might be a wise thing to at least maybe offer counseling first off and then second off, maybe look at the social media aspect of what this person, what might be going through their mind.
Trace, stay with us. We're going to get back to you in a second.
We go back to Parkland. Phil Keating now has as a guest, Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi who we just heard from in that press conference.
Phil, I don't think the attorney general can hear me. If she could go into this whole aspect of a social media imprint, what some of these shooters are saying online? Are we capturing enough of this? Are we paying enough attention to that?
Phil --
I have a question for the attorney general.
Attorney General Bondi has been known for a really tough law and order attorney general in the state of Florida. My question is, if we can't monitor evil that's in people's hearts, is it time -- what about retired military, retired police in every school, at least have some front line of defense to give some capacity to stop carnage when it starts like this?
On the phone right now is that student that you just heard from, Meghan Hill. Megan, thank you for taking the time to join us. You're a junior, as I understand it. You're in a room. This door is locked. This guy is shooting. Take it from there. What happened from there, Meghan?
Yeah, go ahead, Meghan.
Megan, let me -- so all of the sudden, the door of your classroom is locked. And the shooter shoots through the door. Then sticks his gun into the classroom. Four people get shot right in front of you. One person you believe is -- died, is instantly killed. You're trying to help a friend of yours and pass over your jean jacket. And everyone is telling stop, no, stay still be quiet. What happened from that point? I didn't fully understand.
Yeah. And then about ten minutes go by. In the interim ten- minute period, did he stay shooting long? How long was he actually shooting into the classroom?
And then I guess you heard a loud bang and that was the police coming to rescue all of you?
I can't even imagine what it had to be like for you. And you had your twin sister who was on the floor above you in the bathroom?
I understand your sister was there. She was in the second-floor bathroom. I don't know if Mackenzie can hear me. But you had an experience that you went up to the bathroom. You both I guess are in AP psych. And there is a freshman girl that had severe asthma. And take it from there. And all the teachers had locked the door and you guys are running literally door to door and this poor girl is obviously struggling, right?
Yeah. I want to say this to both you and your sister, Meghan. Both of you showed amazing courage today, Meghan trying to help the girl next to her and you obviously helping this poor girl that had this asthma attack as she is going on there.
When did you actually reunite? Because how long after was it that you were able to find your sister again?
Yeah. I can't imagine how hard this is for both of you. Both of you showed amazing courage today under the most difficult of circumstances. No child should have to see that ever. Meghan, Mackenzie, thank you both. We miss you and your families and your friends obviously, you're going to have a very tough week ahead, as these families are now struggling and the school is struggling. This is a very tight-knit community in parkland. Thank you both. Here more with reaction is criminal defense attorney and former D.C. police detective Ted Williams. I have former FBI special agent Manny Gomez. Once again Ted we saw the police, the sheriff, the FBI. We see first responders. You see everybody, the superintendent, the governor, the Attorney General, everybody really all hands on deck today. I was watching this all unfold live when I was on my radio show today and just how amazing these people are. But it's after the fact. Do we need to reconsider safety for these schools?
This is not a political statement. I know I'm known for talking politics all the time. This is not political. I don't think it is something that most people would disagree with. And Manny, I'll throw this to you. If you're in any administration building -- in this case it's a school. It seems there's got to be greater order in terms of monitoring who's getting into these schools. I know schools that monitor and control who gets into them. It can be done and it can be done fairly easily. But more importantly -- and they did have a guard. But a school this big with 3,200 students and multiple buildings, it seems to me you need a few people in each building. Retired military, retired police. And I would think over time that families -- we're not talking about all that much money at the end of the day if each district is paying for that security. Every buildings I walk into in New York City, every single building, if I don't have an I.D., I will go through security. And if I don't have a clearance, I'm not getting in. And if we can do it in every building in New York post-9/11, I would think we can do it in every school in America if we want to.
This is not controversial, this is not gun debate.
Great example.
At the end of the day, we've got to put a price -- I remember the movie years ago 'Lean On Me.' it was about the principal Joe Clark. He got in trouble because he chained the school door shut. That is not necessarily the answer. There should be very specific entry points and other entry points should be closed off. But beyond that -- and look, I don't know if it would be applicable in this situation. But I've got to believe in some situations that if you have first-line defenders there, people that are trained, retired military, retired police, that they're going to be able to at least hold off for the five minutes. The police got there. The sheriff got there. They got there as fast as humanly possible. Swat team was there. First responders were there. Everyone did their job today and did it so well. But I'm just thinking for the long term, we've got to secure these schools. Again, it's not about guns. It's secure the schools.
Ted, I'm talking about armed former military and armed former police. These are people we trust. My guess would be most school and most communities, those retired military and retired police would become the best friends of the students over time. They get to know each other. It would be good all the way around for everybody. Win-win. Safety-security. We can secure anything we want to secure in this country and nobody's going to convince me otherwise.
All right. Ted last word for you, I was not talking about unarmed former retired military police. They don't have to be showing -- they could obviously have it concealed. But they certainly would be the front line of defense. But I do believe securing those doors. Nobody that is expelled from the school should have access to that school ever. The other thing is paying attention to mental health issues or disgruntled kids or disciplinary issues, looking at the social media footprint of a kid you throw out of school. Apparently, we're learning from Trace Gallagher we could have learned a lot about this kid. And that happens after almost every shooting. People are telegraphing where they're headed.
I know schools that have this security and it works. Thank you both. Manny thank you, Ted thank you. All right. Joining us now, Fox News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera, national syndicated radio host Larry Elder and American first action spokesman senior advisor former Milwaukee county sheriff David Clarke. Geraldo what about the idea? Let's protect the kids. Forget about all the other debates? Ex-former military, retired military, retired police. Every school should have basic fundamental security. Not like the White House necessary, but we can secure anything we choose to secure.
You will agree with me, we've got to get away from already the same predictable, frankly, insane and intellectually lightweight debates are going on. This is about, we can secure these schools if we choose to. We have the mindset, we have the manpower, and we have the people to do it. And I don't even think it would be that expensive. We just have to decide we're going to secure it.
This is not a gun debate. Geraldo, I've carried firearms for 30 years of my life, Geraldo. And there are guns that also protect people, guns in the hand of retired military, Larry Elder or Sherriff Clarke and guns in the hand of retired police with track regards that are beyond admirable in those schools are going to protect those kids not perfectly. But it certainly if you add to that measures that control access to the school, it would go a long way to making every school safer. And if we need them in some schools, you put the metal detectors in.
All right. Sherriff Clarke, let us bring you into this, I don't think it's about the gun. I don't think anybody's mind is going to be changed. I've been on radio 30 years. I'm now on my 23rd here at the Fox News Channel. I believe in the second amendment. I disagree with Geraldo, because you could easily bring in any other gun. And if you are trained to use that gun, you know how quickly clips could be changed out or you bring in multiple guns with you. I support guns as a safety feature, especially in the hands of retired military and retired police, locked doors, security first and foremost. Geraldo is right. This is a national emergency at this point. Let's save the kids, secure these schools. We can do it if we decide to do it.
17 families and now some literally they didn't have I.D. and they're still identifying them. I think there is a middle ground here that would keep these kids safe. Thank you all for being with us. When we come back, the mindset, social media aspects of people that are on the brink, missed. That is next.
Sad tragic day, Fox News alert, 17 dead after the school shooting in Florida. Joining us now live on the scene in Parkland, Gina Loudon radio talk show host is with us. Dr. Gina, the social media imprint we see after the shooting, signs and symptoms. What should we be doing in terms of looking at this more often?
He lost his mother. We knew he was troubled. He got kicked out of schools. Should they be offering, in this case, counseling ahead of time?
That has happen there in many incidents. Dr. Loudon we don't have a lot of time sir but we appreciate your insight.
All right. I want to thank you both for your insight. Thanks so much for being with us. Our thoughts and prayers go out to these 17 families and others tonight. We need some solutions. Got to be a middle ground here. Stay with the Fox News channel continuing coverage of this shooting. Laura Ingraham is straight ahead. We will see you back here tomorrow night.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 120  ***************************************************
 All right. There you have it, for Republicans, this whole issue has been about truth and transparency, and for Democrats, the left wing media, it's all about playing politics. We're going to have more than in a moment.
First, the Winter Olympics in South Korea began late last week but not without some controversy. After Friday's opening ceremony, well, members of the echo chamber swung into full gear to heap praise on a woman named Kim Yo-jong who just happens to be the director of propaganda for the rogue dictatorship in North Korea, and the sister of one of the most brutal, oppressive dictators in modern history, Kim Jong-un.
That didn't stop the mainstream media from fawning all over Kim Yo-jong for showing up at the opening ceremonies, shaking hands with the South Korean president and calmly watching the opening procession.
Right. If that's not bad enough, the media also goes after Vice President Mike Pence for refusing to shake her hand in the VIP box. We'll have more on that with Joe Concha later in the show.
But take a step back and remember, the woman that the media is applauding is the director of propaganda for a government that has, let's see, murdered around 400,000 political prisoners in what some are calling concentration camps, and these camps have been in existence since 1982?
And as we speak, between 80,000 and 120,000 people are still imprisoned in those camps, including men, women, and even children? And according to a 2014 United Nations report, well over 200,000 people from around the world have simply disappeared. Never to be seen again inside of North Korea. And don't forget, there are three Americans currently being held hostage in that rogue state.
The Kim Jong Un regime has also been responsible for the recent death of American Otto Warmbier who is imprisoned and sentenced to hard labor for allegedly stealing a poster. But last but not least, millions of people are currently starving inside of North Korea. Roughly 30 percent of their population starving, all while this little despot, Kim Jong Un, lives a life of luxury, his sister enjoys a prime seat at the opening games of this year's Winter Olympics.
Despite all of this, the mainstream media continues to praise Kim Yo-jong. It's pretty disgraceful, but we shouldn't be surprised. It was the same mainstream media that praised, of course, President Clinton for saying his nuclear agreement with North Korea. 'That's a good deal for American people. They'll never get nukes.' That didn't work out.
And if you don't learn from the past, you are doomed to repeat it and that's why the media is a sad and despicable record.
And finally tonight, speaking of bad plans, remember the plane loads of 1.7 billion in dollars in cash and other currencies the Obama administration stupidly gave the Iranian mullahs chanting death to America and Tehran? Well, now, we are finding out that the rogue regime is using a lot of that money, 'The Washington Times ' reporting that the U.S. government has now been able to trace some of the money given to Iran and determine that Tehran is using it to fund the terrorist group Hezbollah. Big shocker.
Here with reaction, former deputy assistant to the president, Fox News national security strategist, Sebastian Gorka, and former U.S. ambassador to the U.N., Fox News contributor, John Bolton.
Dr. Gorka, I look at this and I say, OK, it's the same -- it's the same theme. There is a compulsion on the left to want to suck up to the world's worst dictators. Why? Why do they think that works?
You know, you look at these quotes. I mean, CNN, Ambassador, you know, going out there. Kim Jong-un's sister stealing the show at the Winter Olympics. And 'The New York Times ', without a word and only flashing smiles, Kim Jong-un's sister outflanks Vice President Mike Pence and diplomacy.
Where is this desire to just worship the propaganda minister of North Korea with their horrific human rights record? I thought the left cared about human rights.
I still for the life of me have a hard time understanding why people think people that driving people that threaten to destroy you, you know, death to America, death to Israel, burn the Israeli flag, burn the American flag. Oh, who thinks it's a good idea to send in cargo planes full of cash and currency and that somehow the mullahs will like us in Iran or the dictators in North Korea will somehow change their ways, Dr. Gorka?
I don't think that's it. I think they actually think if you kiss their ring and bow before them, that they will like you. History has proven that doesn't work.
Ambassador Bolton, because Donald Trump has taken a hard line. Little rocket man. I have a bigger button on my desk and ours actually works, which is I think is hilarious but also sends a strong message.
Do you think it had any impact on Kim Jong-un and his desire to be in these Olympics, potential talks with South Korea? There is peace through strength. Did it have any impact here?
Dr. Gorka, I think 'The Washington Post ' said one of my favorites. The Ivanka Trump of North Korea, did they inadvertently suggest that they -- that Ivanka Trump is good for the country and a bit of a star? It wasn't on purpose, I'm sure.
They are nicer to the propaganda minister than the president's daughter. That's probably a good point.
All right.
All right. Well said. Thank you both.
Sad but true news gets harder every day.
When we come back, Ed Henry has a live report on the scary situation involving President Trump's daughter-in-law. White powder was sent to her home earlier today. And much more as we continue, straight ahead.
All right. In what might be the most absurd anti-Trump coverage in recent memory, the mainstream media fawning over the North Korean minister of propaganda, Kim Jong Un's sister, all while trashing Vice President Mike Pence, following the Winter Olympics opening ceremony. Take a look.
All right. Here with reaction, the author of the brand new book, 'The Faith of Donald J. Trump ', a spiritual biography, David Brody. Also with us tonight, 'The Hill's ' Joe Concha.
Joe, they want to believe, they want to love, they want to suck up -- the evidence is overwhelming. This is a brutal, murdering dictatorship that was recently threatening the United States, the continental United States with nukes, threatening and firing missiles over Japan, threatening Guam, and instability everywhere. Why this desire to suck up and kiss the ring of these dictators?
This is interesting, David, because you wrote a spiritual biography of Donald Trump. I'm sure those that maybe don't like Donald Trump's tweets or he's had a controversial life, they may not understand it, but one thing is certain -- he is not going to make a deal with two bit dictators that are threatening to destroy America, be it the mullahs in Iran or try to bribe them or bribe the North Korean dictators. That's a certain understanding, fundamental understanding of good versus evil, isn't it?
But the left, they like to say that they have this -- a more spiritual sort of superiority and a monopoly and compassion for the poor, the disadvantage, et cetera, et cetera. As Joe pointed out how many millions of North Koreans are starving as he throws all the money into the nuclear program so he can destroy the rest of the world or at least threaten to destroy.
Just figuring that out, David?
Fox News alert.
That is the thing Joe, this makes you different than your media critic colleagues out there, they claim to have a monopoly of compassion, but it looks like conservatives seem to understand that you can't bribe dictators and sucking up to those that are abusing human rights on a daily basis are not worth being friends with and that the only answer or antidote is strength.
All right. Thank you both. Good luck with your book, David, we appreciate you being with us. We know you had a lot of interviews with the President to get that book together. When we come back the latest on deep state gate. The media giving President Obama free pass on all those government surveillance abuse. We won't do that on this show. Monica Crowley, Pam Bondi, Tom Fitton all coming up straight ahead with the latest developments.
Monica Crowley she has a powerful new op-ed out on the hill entitled federal abuses on Obama's watch represent a growing blight on his legacy. Now Monica writes quote, in all the discussions about the political weaponization of the department of justice and the FBI alleged corruption at the highest echelons of those agencies and serial abuse of the secret FISA process surrounding the 2016 election. One name has been conspicuously absent. President Barack Obama. Here now with reaction senior fellow at the London center for policy research Monica Crowley, Judicial Watch's President Tom Fitton and Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi. Monica, let's start with this because, yeah, it's all true, isn't it, that she rigged the primary. Pam can answer this later. But I have never heard of an exoneration months before interviewing the main people in an investigation. That allows her to continue. She pays for Russian government, Russian propaganda, that gets used for FISA warrant. They don't tell the FISA judge. That she bought and paid for it and it's not verified. That is all in order to disrupt the 2016 election. How does this get to Obama? I think the Susan Rice memo, the Grassley-Graham memo might be giving us some insight.
For many years.
Pam, zero doubt the evidence and the email server, I have listed them enough times in this program.
Multiple felonies were committed. But then you have the FBI Director and this Trump hating higher up individual Peter Strzok and mistress and Andrew McCabe talking about insurance policies. So the fix is in.
You are prosecutor. Have you ever began exoneration letter months before you interview the key people in the investigation? It never made sense. And it all leads in her staying in the race, paying for the Russia lies and go to the FISA court and withhold information. Isn't that lying by omission to a court?
The Grassley-Graham memo says that the dossier was the bulk of information evidence and so they hand this over. Now, three months later, you got James Comey.
Saying to Trump it's not verified and salacious. But it's only a footnote as we understand it to the FISA court. It may have political origins. They knew Hillary bought it. They know she paid for it. They knew it was even probably not verified but they didn't tell the Judge. What should happen now?
Would that mean General Flynn's guilty plea out the window.
The memo is there. Tom Fitton. Did I see the president tweeting you this weekend. Congratulations, more importantly you are digging deep to get -- will we ever get a look at how bad this FISA memo was? Are the arguments made before the court? Is that something maybe in redacted form we could look at to purposefully did not tell this judge that they knew at the time?
That is a good point. The Grassley-Graham letter to Rice today, Monica Crowley, they want to know what was talked about on January 5th and what Susan Rice note to self-just hours before they leave the White House. Doesn't that seem a little odd that letter that she is ending out?
All right. Let me ask you Pam, you read this letter. Susan Rice's email she sent to herself in the waning hours of the Obama administration. How do you interpret it my interpretation is CYA.
Going to cover up all of this. This that is a good shot but I don't think it's going to happen. All right. Good to see you all. We appreciate your hard work. When we come back, Ed Henry back with update how D.C. is reacting to all the news tonight. All that and more straight ahead on Hannity.
Joining us with more on all of today's big stories Fox News chief national correspondent Ed Henry. As I watch everything that is going on, this is your territory and you've got to be fair, balanced and objective and I don't, which is really, really good. I'm watching everything as it relates to we now are learning a lot about 2016 that we never saw before.
The release of the memos.
But I think the evidence is pretty incontrovertible that something wrong happen when you exonerate before you investigate. I think any American would say that probably doesn't happen to often to them. Now that we know there is two Russia stories that the media never talked about, one about Hillary Clinton paying for the Russian dossier and the other one involves the uranium one and the fact that she signed off on the CFIUS deal. Where is your media colleagues on these stories?
Ed, the thing is, if you look at the time line, remember, this first there was earlier attempt that was denied as it relates to FISA warrant that was July. When you go to the October FISA application, you are right, it was unverified. A footnote that says may be political in nature does not mean it came from the Clinton campaign and the DNC.
That was withheld. It was known and it wasn't withheld. Here is the irony to me. James Comey, this is in October. He is arguing that this should go before the FISA. He knows it's going before the FISA court. It's the bulk of information according to the Grassley-Graham memo.
But then in January when he goes to see Trump at Trump tower is he still President-Elect before the swearing. He is telling Trump it's unverified and salacious. Couple months earlier saying something different.
Trying to wrap my arms around this. If it's not verified, and it's used as the bulk of information, I would think that if Donald Trump, if he had paid for this dossier, and it was full of Russian propaganda and it was used on a FISA court to get a warrant on anybody in the Clinton campaign, that the same media that silenced here or missing in action as you say they would be apoplectic about this.
Thank you Ed for that update. When we come back big huge anniversary for conspiracy theorist, MSNBC Chris Matthews. Kind of a good way. It is our video of the day and Hannity hotline, straight ahead.
Big anniversary for conspiracy theory hosts. MSNBC host Chris Matthews, it was ten years ago tonight. I was proven absolutely right. Journalism in America is dead. Take a look.
You he got it right. Calm down. All right, ten years ago. All right, time flies. All right time for the Hannity hotline. Hit me with your best shot.
By the way, I think it comes naturally to me, whatever it is that I am doing. Good or bad, either way, we love it when you sound off. It doesn't matter. If you feel you like the show or hate the show, or unproven to the show, give us a call, 8772258587. Unfortunately, that is all the time that we have left this evening. We are really out of time. We will always be fair and balance and never be the destroy Trump media and let not your heart be troubled. Laura is next. Laura take it away.
Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 121  ***************************************************
 All right. So, we're going to go slow. What we have been reporting on night after night for over a year now is turning into a scandal bigger than Watergate. And here is why this is all so alarming. All the information we have been telling you about so far is only a sample of what's to come. It's the tip of the iceberg.
Now, these facts, this evidence will rock the foundation of Washington, D.C. It will make you question how is it possible this could ever happen in the United States of America. It's that serious. And it's why we have been pushing so hard on this program for answers.
Now, meanwhile, you have the liberal mainstream media, they are supposed to be all about truth, all about transparency, they have been missing in action. They have turned their backs, they are ignoring the biggest story in their lifetimes. Their sole focus has been on delegitimizing and destroying President Trump at every single turn.
Now, that's why for over a year, they have been peddling hour after hour fake news conspiracy theories about so-called Trump-Russia collusion. They have nothing to base it on, no evidence whatsoever.
And here is what they don't want you to know about the key officials that are involved in this scandal. Let's start with player number one. That, of course, would be Hillary Clinton. Now, remember Donna Brazile in her book, she talked about Hillary rigging the primary against Bernie Sanders. Imagine if that was Donald Trump.
Then Clinton tried to build on that idea. She was teaming up with the DNC, they worked through a law firm, they paid over $12 million for that salacious dossier that was filled with Russian lies, Russian propaganda, why? Because they wanted to influence the general election through lies.
Clinton also tried to keep this a secret. She went through a law firm, Perkins Coie, which then hired Glenn Simpson and Fusion GPS and they paid former British spy, Russian expert Christopher Steele.
Now, according to Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett, who has been doing a deep dive into all of this, two crimes may have been committed in this instance: 52 U.S. Code 30121, which says it is illegal to make a payment, donation or trade anything of value with the foreign national in connection with any kind of election in America.
Now, remember, Steele is a former British spy. He was only hired by Fusion GPS once Hillary Clinton started picking up the tab for the Trump opposition research, not before.
Gregg also points out: 52 USC 30101. It makes it a crime to file a false or misleading campaign report.
Now, watchdog group, the Campaign Legal Center, they've actually filed a complaint with the Federal Election Commission accusing the Clinton campaign and the DNC of violating campaign finance laws and for failing to disclose payments they made for this dossier.
All right. Next up is disgraced former FBI Director James Comey. Now, he, along with corrupt FBI agent, remember, Peter Strzok, and other top deputies, not rank-and-file, they put the fix in to save Hillary Clinton from prosecution when we know she committed multiple felonies as it relates to the email server scandal.
Now, Comey and his lackeys, they ignored incontrovertible evidence about Clinton breaking the law, having secret top-secret special access programming, classified information stored in a mom-and-pop shop bathroom closet, remember, on the server. They also failed to act after Clinton's team deleted 33,000 subpoenaed emails, then they acid washed, using bleach a bit on the hard drives, and then any devices they had left over, they busted those up with a hammer. And, by the way, the mobile devices, they eventually turned over to the FBI? They were useless. They had no SIM cards in them.
Now, despite all of this, Comey, Strzok, and others, they crafted an exoneration statement months before ever interviewing Hillary Clinton and 17 other key witnesses in the case. By the way, that's not how law enforcement works.
And then exoneration statement, when describing Clinton's mishandling of classified information, Comey changed the words, the legal standard, gross negligence, which is the legal standard, to extreme carelessness. And they also altered a section that said it was reasonably likely that hostile foreign actors and adversaries of the United States had hacked the server. And they completely removed information about Hillary Clinton emailing President Obama, which means that Obama knew Hillary was breaking the law, or should have known.
Now, all of this allowed Hillary Clinton to stay in the presidential race, which obviously they wanted. Then she used the Russian propaganda dossier, why? To lie to the American people. Nobody had verified what was in my dossier, not even Glenn Simpson of Fusion GPS.
Now, again, going back to Gregg Jarrett, according to him, if Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton for political purposes, well, that means he obstructed justice. He should have been seeking the truth. That is only the start of Comey's involvement in this scandal.
And according to the House Intel Committee and their memo, Comey signed off personally on three FISA applications to spy on the Trump campaign, and his FBI lied to the FISA court about the dossier being bought and paid for by Hillary Clinton in the DNC. Oh, excused me, they did have a footnote, it may have some political origins, but they knew Hillary and the DNC paid for it.
And Comey's FBI, then they also used that Yahoo News article written by Michael Isikoff about Carter Page. They were corroborating the dossier. Well, here's the problem. They knew the source for the Yahoo story was Christopher Steele, and FBI never independently verify the information, nor did Fusion GPS because Steele was their only source.
And by the way, from there, it only gets worse. According to the Grassley-Graham memo, the bulk -- let me repeat -- the bulk of their applications to the FISA court, the FBI put before a judge, consisted -- the bulk of it -- the phony dossier, the Hillary Clinton phony dossier.
In March of 2017, Comey told Congress that he didn't bother collaborating or corroborating the dossier because the FBI felt Christopher Steele was credible. Really? You don't have to corroborate these things? And Comey also testified under oath that the same dossier that he use to get the FISA warrant was, quote, salacious and unverified.
And Comey also told the president-elect the same thing in January 2016 but it was just a couple of months earlier the dossier was used to get a warrant. Did he tell the FISA judge that it's unverified? Did he tell the FISA judge any of this information? No, he did not. OK, that is guilt by omission, purposely omitting information that likely would have had a big impact on that judge.
All right. Player number three tonight, former Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe. Now, the GOP House memo, that details how McCabe testified without the dossier, the FISA warrant to surveil would never have been approved.
Now, McCabe is also tied to the Clinton email cover up. Remember the recent reports? Andrew McCabe was forced to resign over revelations in the soon to be released DOJ inspector general report, and we are told, all about the Clinton email investigation.
And The Wall Street Journal is reporting that McCabe and other top FBI officials, remember, they also knew about Huma Abedin's emails that were found on Anthony Weiner's laptop. They knew about them in September of 2016. Important information. But they waited at least a month before they told Congress?
And we can't forget McCabe's wife. She got $700,000 on astronomical amount of money for a failed Senate run in the Commonwealth of Virginia from a group tied to Clinton ally Terry McAuliffe and from the Virginia Democratic Party.
Now, McCabe eventually had to recuse himself from the Clinton email investigation. Was it because he got caught or because he thought it was the right thing to do?
You got two key allies of Andrew McCabe. Now, they are corrupt. They are the Trump bashing FBI lovers Peter Strzok and Lisa Page. They are players number four and five. Page actually served as the legal counsel to McCabe. As for Strzok, like we have been telling you, he is at the epicenter of the scandal, every scandal, every issue that we have been talking about the last year and a half.
Now, Strzok is a former top FBI counterintelligence official. He is the one that signed the documents that kickoff think this phony Russia probe. He also oversaw the interviews of Lieutenant General Michael Flynn. He is the guy who interviewed Hillary Clinton and her top aides. We have already told you how Strzok played a key role in changing the Clinton exoneration statement. Remember they were changing gross negligence to extreme carelessness.
Then there is Strzok and Page's extreme hatred of Donald Trump. Remember in text messages, they called him an idiot, a menace, loathsome human being. They said if Trump and Clinton wanted to win 100 million to zero. And Strzok and Page also talked with who we think is Andrew McCabe about that insurance policy? Oh, God forbid Donald Trump wins the election?
And yesterday, we got a new batch of text messages that show their inherent anti-Trump bias in the lead up, of course, to the election. Lisa Page was fearful, "Oh my gosh, Donald Trump is going to win." On Election Day, Strzok writes back, "Oh my god. This is (blanking) terrifying." And the following day, he says, "Oh my God, I'm so depressed." And a couple of days later, Lisa Page writes: "Well, I bought 'All the President's Men,' figure I need to brush up on Watergate," the insurance people. Then later, Page sends a message that reads: "God, being here makes me angry. Lots of highfalutin' national security talk". And, "Meanwhile, we have our task ahead of us." I wonder if that's tied to the insurance policy?
What does Page mean by task? When you put all of this together, with the insurance policy text, it raises serious, serious red flags. Now, these love birds also messaged back and forth about special counsel Robert Mueller. Remember, they had five months of missing texts? Well, right after Robert Mueller was appointed on May 19, two days after the appointment, Strzok was debating about joining the investigation. Strzok asked his lover Page, "An investigation leading to impeachment?"
So, even before Mueller's probe, even before it got started, Strzok and Page were talking about impeaching President Obama. Now, this part is very important. During the same back and forth, Strzok texts, "Well you and I both know the odds are nothing. If I thought it was likely, I would be there no question" -- meaning with Mueller, "I hesitate in part because of my gut sense and concern there's no big there there." Pretty stunning admission. Now, Strzok helped start the Russia investigation but he thought there was no there there.
Also, directly wrapped up in all of this is the demoted DOJ official Bruce Ohr and his wife Nellie. They are players six and seven in this game if you want to call it a game of corruption. Bruce Ohr, he was reprimanded at the DOJ after it was discovered he was meeting with Fusion GPS both before and after the election. Ohr's office, remember, just four doors down from Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein. His wife Nellie Ohr, she worked at Fusion GPS. And, by the way, her job: focusing in on the anti-Trump dossier.
And according to the Nunes memo, Bruce Ohr told investigators that he had a close relationship with the dossier author Christopher Steele. And Bruce Ohr said that Steele said he was "desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about him not being president." Pretty amazing. You couldn't write this in a novel.
Now we turn our attention to the former Attorney General Loretta Lynch. She's player number eight in all of this. And according to testimony from former Director James Comey, Lynch instructed the FBI to refer to their criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton as a matter. Don't call it an investigation, don't call it what it really is.
And then it got worse. In June of 2016, while the FBI so-called independent investigation is ongoing, Bill Clinton is meeting with Loretta Lynch in Phoenix on a tarmac for 40 minutes. Lynch said the meeting was about grandchildren and golf. But this is on July 1.
Now, the former AG announced that she was stepping away from the investigation after this and she just accepts the FBI's conclusion. Now, keep in mind, this all took place before Hillary Clinton was interviewed on the Fourth of July weekend by the FBI and exonerated the next business day.
And after Lynch announced that she was taking a backseat to the Clinton investigation, Strzok literally texts Page and says, "Timing looks like hell," Page replies, "Yes, awful timing," and then adds, oh, "It's a real profile in courage," talking about Lynch since she knows no charges will be brought.
Now, four days later, Comey holds his press conference where he infamously announces the FBI is not recommending charges against Clinton after thirteen and a half minutes of laying out a pretty damning case against Hillary.
The Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, he is also a player in all of this, this ongoing FISA scandal. We'll call him player number nine tonight. Now, first and foremost, Rosenstein, he oversees the entire Russia investigation. He was the official responsible for appointing Robert Mueller as a special counsel.
We'll have more on Mueller in a minute. But, first, we know that it was Rosenstein who signed off on one of the applications to extend the FISA warrant against the Trump campaign.
And then you have President Obama, oh, yes, what about him? We will call him player number 10 tonight. If Russia interfering in our election was so troubling, why didn't the Obama administration say something prior to the election? We now have an NBC News report, the Obama White House wasn't too worried about it because, quote: "they thought that Hillary was going to win." Well, what does that tell you, if Hillary wins it's OK?
And then the cherry on top is Robert Mueller. We'll call him player number 11 tonight. Now, the special counsel heading up the Russia investigation, we know that Mueller hired an extremely -- I mean extremely -- partisan team filled with individuals who had given over 50 grand but only to Democrats. No money to Donald Trump. We know who they gave money to. Let's see, Obama, Clinton and the DNC.
We also know Mueller is best friends, BFF with James Comey. We know that he interviewed with Trump to be the next FBI director. And the day before he was appointed special counsel is when that interview took place.
So, it's all very suspicious. And those are just the main key players in all of this. It gets complicated, but I want to make sure everybody is understanding this because as we move forward, I would guarantee almost at this point there is going to be massive investigations and I would not at all be surprised people will be going to jail, people will be indicted.
Joining us now, author, attorney, David Limbaugh, Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett, former chairman of the House Oversight, FOX News contributor, Jason Chaffetz.
Thank you, A, Gregg for all your help in all of this with the law. Let's go through these players and what we're talking about here.
I'm sure it will be in MSNBC conspiracy theorists --
Yes.
I shouldn't even call you congressman because you are a recovering politician.
We always love having you on Fox.
From your vantage point, listen, you were involved in a lot of these issues. One of the biggest frustrations that I think people out there have is Republicans get close, fast and furious, we get truth. Nobody ever gets held accountable.
I'm laying out this case as strongly as I can. Have you ever seen anything like it, number, one? How bad do you think it is? And do you see enough evidence that you think people should be indicted in this special case or at least a special counsel? How would you want them to proceed?
We know Nunes had to wait a year.
And Rod Rosenstein begged Paul Ryan in the final hours.
No, he held his ground.
-- make it so bad?
He got robbed.
All right. David, let's look at Watergate. You got a third rate burglary. You got cover-up afterwards that leads to one president leaving office, others going to jail in that particular case.
As you see these facts unfolding, as you read these memos and in the case of Devin Nunes and the House Intel committee, this is one of at least five, and you read the Grassley-Graham memo, what are you thinking about in terms of the law and about the comparisons to Watergate?
Let me ask you.
What should happen from here?
That's the thing. And they thought they knew better. They helped Hillary stay in the game. They covered up and then they advanced all this phony crap to the American people and then used it as a FISA warrant. What should happen?
We have 30 seconds each for you guys. How should we proceed, Gregg?
There is no doubt she committed crimes.
Wouldn't have been here if he hadn't been recused.
All right. Thank you all. We appreciate it.
All right. We have more breaking news tonight. Ed Henry in exclusive report about a top Democrat's communication with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch and the latest on Uranium One, straight ahead.
Our own Ed Henry is out with an explosive new report about high ranking Democrat Senator Mark Warner and his contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch. The White House Chief of Staff John Kelly don't sent an email to the administration employees about the resignation of Rob Porter.
From Washington, with all this breaking news, we have our own Ed Henry -- Ed.
All right. Unbelievable. We will continue to follow this story. Thank you, Ed Henry.
Also big news tonight on Uranium One. We are learning that the FBI informant at the center of this scandal in fact told congressional committees that Russia paid millions to the U.S. lobbying firm APCO Worldwide in a bid to influence then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton by helping Bill Clinton's charities.
In a statement obtained by Fox News, the informant says that Russian nuclear officials told him at various times, quote: They expected APCO to apply a portion of the $3 million annual lobbying fee it was receiving from the Russians to provide in-kind support for the Clinton's Global Initiative. And APCO was expected to give assistance free of charge to the Clinton Global Initiative as part of their effort to create a favorable environment to ensure the Obama administration made affirmative decisions on everything from uranium one to the U.S.-Russian civilian nuclear cooperation agreement.
We did reach out to APCO for comment. They told us, in part, the allegations are false and unfounded. APCO also told us that its volunteer work for the Clinton global initiative and its engagement with the Russian firm Tennex are absolutely not connected. And last night a Clinton spokesman called the FBI informant a charade. Joining us now with reaction Republican Congressman Matt Gaetz, Fox News contributor Sara Carter and welcome back John Solomon from the hill. John, let's start with you.
A lot was said about Hillary in all of this. I will give you a chance to lay this out.
Unbelievable there was never any sense to that Sara, I see you shaking your head. Both you and John have been at the forefront of all of this. You both know the informant.
Unbelievable. We will learn more about that. Both you and John agree. I see you shaking your heads. Congressman Gaetz, we don't have enough uranium, Congressman. The idea that FBI Director at the time Mueller knew, because we had the informant about bribery, extortion, kickbacks, money laundering and this is nearly 18 months before CFIUS signs off on the uranium one deal, knowing Vladimir Putin wanted a foot hold -- foot hold in our industry? It's mind numbing that this could have ever happened?
You mean separate and apart from the special counsel investigating the investigators. We have so much to get to and so little time. John and Sara in particular, I wanted to ask you, will we hear from the informant you both know? John?
Sara, will we hear from him.
Unbelievable work. We will continue to peel away the layers of the onion here. You guys have you done phenomenal work over the last year, we thank you for finding truth. When we comeback I think having a military parade is a great idea and I have reasons why. Dr. Gorka, Darryl Parks are next straight ahead.
Shocking the mainstream media has found yet another reason to bash the President. This time they are freaking out over a proposed military parade being organized by the President and the Pentagon why? To honor all of those brave men and women that serve our country and protect our freedoms. Take a look at some of the historical media anti-parade coverage just the past 24 hours. Unbelievable.
All right. Let us get this right. Journalist, actor's musicians and others, they all pat themselves on the back. Seems liken there is an award show every other day Pulitzer prizes. Grammies, Golden Globes, oh the Oscars and the let carpet and the list goes on and we can't honor the military men and women that give us the right to do all of this? Here now with analysis Fox News national security strategist Dr. Gorka and civil rights attorney Darryl Parks.
Darryl, you watch the Oscars, right? You have seen the golden globes, music awards, I heart radio music awards. I work for I heart radio just to be transparent. Everyone has an award. All pat themselves oh, excuse me, what gown are you wearing, oh my gosh, what jewelry did you rent for the evening? Oh, where did you get that tux? I can't -- the self- congratulatory sanctimony B.S. I have it up to here. I can't watch these shows. We can't honor our military? Really Daryl?
Just got them $85 billion the next two years that they didn't have prior to that by negotiating a deal which I wish didn't give Democrats so much money but I think there has never been anybody that is been so supportive. It actually let him do their job without rules of engagement. Let them make the decision on the ground.
What's wrong with honoring the military, what's wrong with that?
Really, to honor our military? Dr. Gorka, we might as well include the police, first responders, paramedics, firemen. They should be in the parade too. We never honor them they have no award ceremony.
Darryl, how do you respond to that this President doing things that no President in 8 years did? Do you honor the military? They don't deserve a parade in your book?
No? The military doesn't deserve a parade?
Excuse me, without them, you don't get on this show possibly and speak.
He is doing it.
Dr. Gorka help here.
Look, why is a gay pride parade empowering, but we can't do that for our military? It's shameful. These people have been treated like a social experiment for 8 years with all the strange things they were doing to them, transgender this, women in front line combat duty. Let them do their job and let them -- let us recognize them.
Amen. They deserve it. We do thank them every day and police and FBI and intelligence. Rank and file that work hard to protect us every day. Thank you all. We appreciate it more than you know. When we come back, we're taking Democratic Congressman Adam Schiff to task. Also Dan Bongino, Doug Schoen, Hannity shootout straight ahead.
It's been a rough week for the want to be MSNBC contributor Democratic Congressman Adam Schiff, now this week audio surfaced of Schiff being spoofed last year by a Russian prankster actually two of them claimed to have dirt on President Trump. He is so excited. Listen to this.
We reached out to Schiff's office for a comment. They still have not responded. However, his office did tell the Atlantic that he is suspected the call was bogus. Doesn't sound like it? The emails don't show it, hasn't been a good week for Schiff. He was also accused of putting out classified information in a press release and we know for sure he hides with the Republican memo is from the house intel was. Oh, sources and methods.
No sources, no methods. Here with reaction, former secret service agent Dan Bongino, former Clinton pollster Fox News contributor Doug Schoen. Isn't that what they accused this meeting at Trump tower and Donald Trump Jr. about oh, they were seeking dirt? That sounds like Adam Schiff seeking dirt about a naked Donald Trump.
No, no, series of emails and series of follow-ups.
they read the Graham-Grassley memo and that says that both information was Russian government, Russian sources that they used to get a FISA warrant to spy on opposition candidate. Does that sound like a Russian scandal to you?
A Hillary Russian scandal.
There is a not a Trump Russia scandal. That is the point.
There is no proof.
We do know Hillary paid for Russian lies and tried to disseminate it to the American people. And then they never told the Hillary Clinton bought and paid for it Dan Bongino and then the FISA court wasn't informed.
Hypocrisy you saw Ed Henry's report tonight.
By the way let me just break some news.
I had nothing to do with the report. Nothing. Zip.
Nothing. No conversation, nothing. I'm actually amused that people assume things about me that are not true. Amusing.
This is a few people in the FBI at the highest echelon.
I don't want to taint good people that protect us and risk their lives every day.
She was protected.
We knew she was guilty of crimes, Dan Bongino and they allowed it to she could run. And then they never told the FISA court she paid for all these lies.
They bought a warrant. Are you friends with said Blumenthal.
The Hannity hotline next.
All right we are really late tonight, we have video of the day, and tomorrow we have a few seconds with the "Hannity" hotline. Take a listen.
So mean. I am a tool in my life. It's cruel. All right, Remember, that number, 877-225-8587, remember we will never be the destroy Trump media we are the fair and balance part. Thank you for being with us, let not your heart be troubled. Laura Ingraham is standing by in a great show and we will see tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 122  ***************************************************
 I'm kind of glad I don't work at CNN, the Clinton News Network, or NBC, the conspiracy news network. President has a good point.
Now, also tonight, we continue to expose the biggest black helicopter tinfoil hat conspiracy theorist in the destroy Trump media, NBC's Rachel Maddow. This is off the hook, out of control! And if it wasn't so serious, it's actually funny.
Now, last night -- remember, they were expecting a big victory, results rolling in from the race in Georgia. President Trump mentioned this at the rally. Rachel Maddow, instead of focusing on their big loss, puts on her tinfoil hat conspiracy theorist wires. And by the way, asked if bad weather was to blame for bad Democratic voter turnout and their loss. You can't make this stuff up! Take a look.
See, the weather kept only Democrats home. Then, of course, the night cannot go by without Maddow floating some sort of Trump-Russia collusion conspiracy theory even though nobody has says it -- nobody believes it! It's been debunked! To date, there is zero evidence of Trump-Russia collusion, nothing whatsoever! It's been a farce, a total fabrication, 11 months of lies and conspiracies made up by people just like Maddow.
Now, despite these facts, today Rachel -- she was at it again, whipping up a new crackpot theory involving President Trump, the mob money and money laundering, and even Vladimir Putin made it into the mix. Now, you cannot make this stuff up. Well, I guess, apparently, she can at NBC News. Take a look.
Key words, "if this proves out." But then she goes to "Why would they do that?"
If you've been watching this show, you know that example is nothing compared to the other unhinged, completely insane things that NBC and Maddow are saying night after night, day after day.
Here are just a couple of her craziest Trump-Russia conspiracy theories. You're going to love this. Take a look.
Big freaking deal? No.
And by the way, you may remember, back in 2011, Maddow tried to explain away then Congressman Anthony Weiner's very graphic, very lewd tweet -- another conspiracy theory. Take a look.
And there wasn't a hacking. Now, of course, there was also the time that Maddow theorized that Republicans may be pushing assassinations as an actual political tactic. Take a look.
And why not play the race card. Last year, Maddow asked if Donald Trump is, quote, "a gateway drug" to racism in the GOP. Let's look at this.
So in the destroy Trump media, what you just saw somehow passes for, quote, "news."
So I have to ask -- Hey, Tom Brokaw, are you proud of NBC News now? You know, I knew the late Tim Russert. He never behaved -- he never reported things like this.
Now, for example ,my former colleague, Megyn Kelly, moved over to NBC. Is she proud of this type of reporting? Megyn interviewed, for example -- was a big deal, made a lot of news -- conspiracy theorist Alex Jones last week. Should she now interview Maddow this week so she can be fair and balanced? What about Matt Lauer? Does he support this nonsense, these conspiracy theories that are being spewed? By the way, what about Andy Lack? He's the head of NBC. He OK with all this?
Now, the only thing the Democrats, members of the destroy Trump media have left are these tinfoil hat conspiracy theories, as Rachel says, and they're using them to create distraction, to try and stop President Trump from what? Keeping his promises and his agenda, bringing them forward. And of course, we're putting on your screen right now the key points of the president's agenda. Now Democrats and the media have proven they're willing to say and do anything to stop the president from enacting that agenda. Enough is enough.
Here with reaction, editor-in-chief, Lifezette, Fox News contributor, nationally syndicated radio host Laura Ingraham. What are -- what are you -- think about that.
You know what the...
We -- we don't want to silence her. I say Go for it.
Some headlines, Post yesterday, Georgia 6th district...
And CNN.
Democrats now turning on Pelosi...
By the way, DNC fund raising in a freefall. You know, Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut saying his constituents, they don't give, quote, his words, "a damn about Russia-gate."
And Joy Behar says Trump hating isn't working.
So...
Freedom Caucus members Mark Meadows and Jim Jordan are going to be here later tonight.
Now, what's great about that is they're saying, All right, stop with the vacations. Get your work done.
The Congress is not keeping up with the speed of Trump. They need to do their jobs. Stop with the 30-day vacations.
Yes.
They know that.
What about Rand Paul?
What about Mike Lee, Ted Cruz?
It's over.
I agree.
If they want to win in 2018, I think they need (INAUDIBLE)
We already have Neil Gorsuch. That's a big win for...
OK, we'll see. OK. Fair enough.
I know.
Yes, of course, we always talk Russian on the program.
You're not on NBC. This is not Russia, Russia, Russia every five minutes.
When's the last time you've been there? They want to know.
All right, if they don't...
... have 300 miles of the wall, if they don't have "Obama care" repealed and replaced, if they don't have the tax cuts in place for the middle class, corporate America, repatriated money, and if they don't have energy independence, they're risking losing everything. True or false?
He needs to recuse himself.
I think you've got a nice edge tonight. I don't know. I...
Yes, you go -- of course, you want to...
Yes, that's true, in a couple hours.
All right, thanks. It's great to see you.
Yes, I know.
Tonight here on "Hannity."
How long is this -- all right, that was the president earlier tonight in Iowa. Kellyanne Conway will join us next in studio. Also, Jay Sekulow will join us later in the program. Should Mueller recuse himself from this entire investigation? That and much more tonight as "Hannity" continues live from sin city, USA, Washington, D.C.
That was the president earlier tonight, Cedar Rapids, Iowa, talking about the GOP health care plan.
Here with reaction, counselor to the president Kellyanne Conway. So good to see you. I never get to see you as much anymore.
By the way, you know what it says here? It says number one best host, Mr. Tucker Carlson. I'm, like, really?
Thanks for the invitation.
Exactly.
I'll put that -- thank you. Health care comes out in the Senate tomorrow. As the president says, it's been five months, making progress.
The agenda -- I know a lot of conservatives are getting antsy, not at the president, the Congress's slow pace, like me. I'm -- I'm, like, Move! Let's go! Keep up to Trump!
Heart-breaking.
The deductible's, like, five grand, right?
You know, I want to hold up -- this is Donald Trump's contract with the American voter. And it's right here. And you know, (INAUDIBLE) Here's what's important about this. I was thinking about this with all the noise, all the vile hatred, the plays, the severed heads, the ISIS poses and the insanity of the left -- to me, the president and the Republicans, if they go along with him, they're going to be judged on their success.
What they deliver in terms of jobs, the economy, energy, education. You -- I know you're so into opioid addiction and prevention. Those -- all the noise and conspiracy theories aren't going to matter if he delivers and he's successful.
I -- I...
I know you don't really probably want to -- I am so offended at the people that Mueller has hired, at Clinton's former attorney, Obama donors, Hillary donors. And here's the question. When the president goes directly to the American people, none of that matters to any of them!
And that was -- that was the 6th district last night, wasn't it..
Bring back those -- those multinational corporation dollars. You...
A lot of people will get jobs as a result. I got to roll.
Resistance.
Great to see you again. I haven't seen you in a while.
Thank you.
When we come back tonight on this busy breaking news night right here in D.C., sin city, on "Hannity"...
President Trump calling out Democrats at a rally in Iowa tonight. Jay Sekulow here with reaction. Later, will Republican lawmakers forego at least one vacation, please? We'll check in with Freedom Caucus members Mark Meadows, Jim Jordan. Also, Sara Carter, Geraldo Rivera straight ahead.
Apparently not. The president from earlier tonight taking a shot at the Democrats' very negative political strategy. No vision. Will the left stop trashing the administration, maybe come up with a plan to help you? Jay Sekulow is with us, chief counsel for the American Center for Law and Justice, also now an attorney for the president.
That's so true. That's Georgia six. But what bothers me is, OK, we go from one investigation, Russia collusion. Then move on to, oh, OK, that didn't work. Let's try obstruction. But the same guy that Comey sets it up, leaks information to "The New York Times" to get a special counsel. The guy that recommended to Comey -- to Trump that he fire Comey now gets Comey's friend, BFF, and then goes and hires all these people that donate to Obama and Clinton, and Clinton's lawyer.
All of the investigators are BFFs?
Can we investigate Loretta Lynch for obstruction while we're at it?
Do you have any doubt that the mishandling of classified information by Clinton, destruction of classified top secret special access program information by Hillary, the Clinton Foundation pay to play, 20 percent of our uranium signed off by her, or Michael Flynn, the violation of the Espionage Act, aren't they all felonies? You have any doubt felonies were committed?
It's called obstruction of justice.
It wasn't an investigation. It was a matter.
I've got a last question.
Is the president going to get rid of Obama holdovers, the deep state, the selective leakers that are trying to hurt him every single, solitary day? Do they go?
These leaks are now coming from Mueller, the special counsel.
Anonymous sources.
Good line. I agree with you. He needs to recuse himself. Mueller, get out. There's too many conflicts of interest. If you have any respect for the law, go. Same thing, Rosenstein, out. If you have respect for the law, get out, recuse yourself.
Coming up, should lawmakers forego, please, their August recess? I never say so many people have so many vacations. And advance the Trump agenda. Keep up with the president. We'll ask Congressman Mark Meadows, Jim Jordan. Also Sara Carter, Geraldo next, straight ahead live from D.C.
President Trump at his rally in Iowa tonight talking about combatting radical Islamic terrorism, extreme vetting. Here now with reaction, Circa News Sara Carter, Fox News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera. Great to see you again in D.C. This has to be a priority, and yet I see judge shopping by the left on extreme vetting, and I see the Republicans and Congress too slow to fund the wall, which is going to be built anyway.
Everywhere.
Oh, my God, "Allahu Akbar" with a knife?
Geraldo?
I didn't hear that from anybody, Geraldo. I love you to death. Who said that to the president? What are you talking about?
Wait a minute --
I've got to roll. I love you both. You drive me nuts, Geraldo. I don't know how you do it every time.
Coming up, those Republican lawmakers that we were talking about, should they cancel their recess to work on enacting the president's ambitious agenda? We'll check in with Congressman Mark Meadows, Jim Jordan. They say yes. I agree with them. Paul Ryan, I want you to watch the next segment.
That was a lot more from President Trump's rally in Iowa earlier tonight. From day one, the president has pushed an aggressive agenda. Now some members of Congress are reportedly in favor of finally cancelling one of their many scheduled vacations, this one in August, in order to keep up to speed with Donald Trump.
Joining us now, two of those GOP lawmakers that favor foregoing the August recess, the Freedom Caucus chairman, Congressman Mark Meadows of North Carolina, the former chairman. He got fired. I'm sorry. I'm an awful human. Why do you even listen to me? Good to see you guys. How are you doing?
I am an honorary member, that's true.
First thing, OK, we're not moving as fast as what we want. It's 152 days. And I interviewed Paul Ryan. He said everything was going to done in 200 days. There's no way. Why have things slowed down?
And I'll be honest, without the Freedom Caucus, there's no house healthcare bill. now the Senate bill is released tomorrow, which I'm glad to hear. Are you confident that it's going to be something that when you bring it into conference it is going to be OK?
One of the things, you have been outspoken as I have been, about this entire investigative process. I call it mission investigative creep. And we start out with Trump-Russia collusion. Everybody, Democrats, all the former intelligence guys say that's not happening. OK, now we're going on to obstruction and now we're going to financial issues? It's crazy.
Slow that down. Investigate the investigators, it's true. There's so much -- there's so much unethical behavior here.
Were they supposed to meet on the tarmac? And Sara Carter was just on the program said she put the kibosh and told people on any possible --
All right, so the president got his Supreme Court justice, promise made, promise kept. He's rolled back Obama regulations. That is going to help on energy. If the Republicans want 2018 to be free and clear for them and not a challenge. I think they have got to have Obamacare completed, repealed, replaced, as now you're working on. They have got to have his economic agenda with 15 percent corporate tax, 10 percent repatriation, middle class tax cuts, jumpstart the economy. Get these people out of poverty, off of food stamps and back to work. Energy independence I think will create millions of jobs. You know what that is like in both your states.
People have got to see 200 miles of that wall.
With solar panels.
OK, where is the leadership with you guys? Because when you first proposed, oh, let's stay through August, I saw some reluctance and resistance.
What did Ryan say? I'm interested in what Ryan said.
I'm going to put on my website all those people that are willing to stay and those that are not, because this has to get done.
You guys started it. And I am an honorary member of the Freedom Caucus, ladies and gentlemen, in case you didn't know, although I think there's a vote tomorrow to see if they throw me out. Guys, thanks for being with us.
When we come back, a very important "Question of the Day" as we continue HANNITY tonight from D.C. straight ahead.
All right, welcome back to "Hannity." Time for our "Question of the Day." What did you think of the president's rally tonight? A lot of excitement. And I think it's good when he goes directly to you, the American people.
Just go Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
That is all the time we have left this everything from the nation's capital, Sin City, USA. We'll see you back in New York tomorrow night. By the way, "Hannity" always fair and balanced. Bret Baier is next. We'll see you back in New York tomorrow. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 123  ***************************************************
 Pay very close attention. If the left, if the media, if they are really so upset about all of that, then they should be morally outraged and hysterical about this very explosive report from Politico January 11, this year. Here's the headline. "Ukrainian Efforts to Sabotage Trump Backfire. Kiev officials are scrambling to make amends with the president-elect after quietly working to boost Clinton."
Now, in the article, Politico explains how a DNC operative actually paid and Ukrainian government officials, they worked to aid the DNC and the Hillary Clinton campaign to hurt Donald Trump during the 2016 election. Now, the report details how this Democratic operative, who used to work in the Clinton White House, led this effort, even met with Ukrainian diplomats at the Ukrainian embassy to talk about ways to expose former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort and hurt the campaign.
Now, this operative went on to describe those Ukrainian officials as being, quote, "helpful" when it came to finding leads to dig up information, dirt on Donald Trump and his campaign. Then there's this stunning quote, collusion, "She occasionally shared her findings with officials from the DNC and the Clinton campaign." So this DNC operative, paid, was working with Ukraine, also sharing potentially damaging information with the DNC and Hillary Clinton's campaign.
Then to top it all off, the DNC operative also said that she would give off-the-record information and guidance to, quote, "a lot of journalists" --- you know, those people that suck it all in -- who were trying to write stories about the Trump campaign and Paul Manafort.
But maybe that's why the media doesn't want you, the American people, to know about this story. Now, were they complicit in this foreign plot to damage the Trump campaign?
And here's another example that has been completely ignored. A congressional investigation found back in 2014 an Israeli political group used $300,000-plus taxpayer dollars from the Obama State Department in a grant to create a political apparatus. For what purpose? To try and defeat one of our closest allies, defeat the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, in his latest reelection.
And next is the media and the Democrats, you know, the ones that are so apoplectic over the idea of collusion. Why have they never reported any of these stories to you? Take a look.
What a bunch of phonies. What a bunch of hypocrites. Now, if they're so incensed about all that, then maybe they should looking to a real example of real Russian collusion.
And of course, I'm talking about the Uranium One deal, which the media never talks about. Here's how that went down. Now, during her tenure as secretary of state, Hillary Clinton approved the transfer of up to 20 percent of America's uranium, the foundational material for nuclear weapons. You know that thing? And anyway, that went to Vladimir Putin and the Russians!
And guess what? The people who benefited from that deal, well, they kicked back, they poured as much as $145 million into the Clinton Foundation! And at the same time, Bill Clinton, like he always does trying to enrich himself further, he doubled his speaking fees in Moscow.
Now, you don't have to connect the dots on this one because it's so obvious. That's pay-to-play. Actually, where I grew up, we call it bribery.
Now, the Clintons stuffed their pockets while putting America's national security in jeopardy. That's almost as dumb as the uranium deal.
And here's another example of misdirected outrage by the left -- Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, the media, all freaking out over fake news! They are fake news! Watch this.
I said in 2008, journalism's dead. Nothing beats the media, the left in this country complaining about fake news, when pretty much every news organization has gotten it wrong when going after President Trump, and all of them had to issue corrections. And of course, they colluded back in the campaign and were exposed to basically working with the Clinton campaign. Remember that? Remember WikiLeaks?
Anyway, and CNN is out on front on most of this stuff. Now, here's the most overlooked aspect of this crusade by the left. When fake news suits their purpose and their goals, they support it, they spread it, they propagandize.
Now, check out this headline from The Washington Times. Quote, "Democrats intentionally used disinformation from Russia to attack Trump in campaign ads." Other writers, well-known, Roland (ph) Scarborough, well respected -- he's talking about the fake, the discredited. Remember Christopher Steele, the dossier on Donald Trump? And he points out that Steele's dossier and sources included -- and I'm quoting -- "a senior Russian foreign ministry figure," a top-level Russian intelligence officer, active inside the Kremlin, a senior Russian government official and a senior Kremlin official. So in other words, they were relying and they were spreading information directly sourced to the highest level of the Russian government.
Now, instead of stopping all this and the foreign effort to interfere in our elections, well, the dossier was passed around for months and months and months, eventually published by BuzzFeed, routinely cited by Democrats, who repeated the false claims from the document to attack President Trump. Remember, that was about the Ritz-Carlton and hookers, and I won't go any further. Not to mention, it ended up in the hands of Senator John McCain. He gave it to the FBI. That led to an investigation.
Then there's the group behind this phony dossier, Fusion GPS. As The New York Post has reported, it has several ties to the Democrats, including Clinton allies.
So the double standard here is stunning, it's spectacular. And as we have seen time and time again, Democrats are willing to put their party and politics before anything else, even if it means lying to you!
And in the case of Donald Trump Jr., he came on this program last night. He answered every tough question about the meeting. Well, isn't it now time for Hillary Clinton, the Democrats, the media, all these people, the Ukraine, those associated with the Ukraine, those in the DNC, to do the same?
Now, here's why. We know the Democrats colluded with Ukraine. It's incontrovertible. We know that a DNC operative met with Ukrainian diplomats and shared information with the DNC and the Clinton campaign. We know that members of the Ukrainian government worked to undermine the Trump campaign, which eventually led to the removal of Paul Manafort when he was the campaign manager. That's all been proven.
The questions we need answers to now -- what else took place? And in other words, how far do these people go? And what did Hillary Clinton know and when did she know it and was she directly involved? Now, this double standard, this hypocrisy is despicable, especially when you consider how the media in this country and the Democrats in this country for now almost 11 months have been freaking out nonstop, never-ending black helicopter tinfoil hat conspiracy theories that have been proven to be based on nothing, all while ignoring mountains of evidence in numerous cases that show real election interference and real Russian collusion and Ukrainian collusion!
Joining us now, author of the number one New York Times bestseller, "Understanding Trump," former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich. Mr. Speaker, good to see you.
And it was -- it was...
I think it was -- it was 20 minutes of his life. He gave all the circumstances. In retrospect, he would have done it different.
This is very -- let's take the Ukrainian situation as one example. OK, so you have a DNC paid operative sharing the information with the DNC and the Clinton campaign, meeting in the Ukrainian embassy. They're disseminating false information on then candidate Donald Trump. That sounds like collusion with a foreign government. And I guarantee you, anybody that watches CNN or NBC doesn't know this story!
Maybe you're right, but I would like every American that knows about the lies and the conspiracy theories -- there's no evidence of collusion, zero, after thousands of hours. How many articles written? But there is evidence of collusion with the Ukrainian government and the Clinton campaign and the DNC.
And by the way, and when you get to the dossier issue, I've got to be honest, I mean, it gets even worse when they're using Russian sources. Your reaction to that? Or how about Obama trying to defeat Bibi?
All right, we got to take a break. We're going to have more with former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich after the break.
Also tonight, we'll check in with the counselor to the president, Kellyanne Conway. She'll react to my interview with Donald Trump, Jr.
And then later tonight, liberal Joe Scarborough announcing he's leaving the GOP. Wow.
Also, wait until you see the most embarrassing musical moment perhaps in late-night television history. That's straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So Donald Trump Jr., last night on this program spoke about how the biased mainstream media will stop at nothing to take down the president and his family. Now, here are some of the vicious attacks aimed at Don Jr., just in the last couple of days.
As we continue with former speaker of the House, author of the number one New York Times best-seller, "Understanding Trump" -- by the way, six weeks now on the New York Times list. Congratulations.
Again, willingness to commit collusion when real collusion occurred! I go to the Russian dossier issue because a lot of the information came from Russia and Christopher Steele, the former intelligence agent in Great Britain -- he actually paid for this information that turned out to be so erroneous and so false. And some Republicans apparently were involved in the beginning, but the Democrats, Fusion GPS got involved in this.
So when you have those real examples and they make these real criticisms, politicians and the media -- how do they not see, or do they, their utter hypocrisy, see a case with real evidence, real collusion, real meetings that really occurred, disseminated to the DNC and Hillary, and not do anything or say anything or -- not a word about it! That's breathtaking to me!
Why am I -- why do I...
Go ahead.
Well, where are these Republicans?
Courage?
Well, maybe...
Well, maybe the Clinton and Obama donors he hired or maybe Hillary Clinton's attorney that he hired to work in his special counsel office, maybe they'll do it. So I'm not -- I don't have that much confidence in Mueller. You know, but there's -- it's even worse than that when we come to real issues, real...
Oh!
All right, Newt Gingrich, "Understanding Trump," six weeks in a row, New York Times, number one at one point. Good to see you, Mr. Speaker. Congratulations on that success. That's awesome.
When we come back, we have a busy night tonight right here on "Hannity."
Donald Trump, Jr., telling me last night, in retrospect, he might have things a little differently. Up next, the counselor to the president, Kellyanne Conway -- she'll join us with reaction.
And also later tonight, FOX News anchor, attorney Gregg Jarrett says it is, quote, "utterly preposterous" for the Democrats to say Donald Trump, Jr., committed a crime. He'll join us, along with Geraldo Rivera.
And I got a message for liberal Joe as he announced he's leaving the Republican Party. I'm going to address his little departure later.
And then, of course, the final minute of the show goes to Terrence Williams tonight -- straight ahead.
That was more of my exclusive interview last night with Donald Trump, Jr. Earlier tonight I spoke with the counsel to the president Kellyanne Conway.
All right, Kellyanne, welcome back, good to see you.
I know you watched the interview. What was your overall take? I actually thought what was more important is we've got the Russian dossier - - I'm sorry, we have the former intelligence agent, his dossier, some of the information coming from Russia. And then of course you've got the Ukrainian issue, real collusion with the DNC and Hillary Clinton's campaign. Then of course you have got Obama trying to oust and actively working to oust Prime Minister Netanyahu, one of our closest allies in Israel. So if collusion matters, how come we haven't heard about Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine as much as we should?
But Alexandra Chalupa, the woman that was being paid by the DNC - - I will go to the Politico article, the early part of this year she shared her findings with officials from the DNC and the Clinton campaign. She went to the Ukrainian embassy, and they were disseminating false information on Donald Trump. As a matter of fact they even take credit for helping to push out a Paul Manafort at that particular point in the campaign. So there's real collusion.
It's also very interesting, and this was what I was trying to point out earlier in the program today, my opening monologue. Rowan Scarborough, a very well renowned reporter, Washington Times, and he writes this piece today, Christopher Steele, he's the former British intel guy, he's the one that paid for a lot of the information that he got -- this is where the hooker Ritz story comes in, proven false, all of these things. But he actually says in his piece that Mr. Steele was paid by the Democratic funded opposition research group Fusion GPS with money from a Hillary Clinton backer. So if they are getting information from Russia in that particular case, or you could even add to that the Uranium One deal, she signs off, over $100 million kicked back to the Clinton Foundation. There's something so fundamentally wrong here in terms of fundamental fairness and the media. And at some point it seems like there's got to be more pushback and that these stories have got to also penetrate the consciousness of the American people.
Yes, that's true. You're right.
I'm going to buy you a whiteboard. You're going to get a whiteboard. All right, Kellyanne Conway from the White House tonight, thank you for being with us.
And coming up, as Democrats and the media continue to slam Donald Trump Jr. unfairly for meeting with a Russian lawyer last year, FOX News anchor, attorney Gregg Jarrett says he did not commit any crime. We'll talk about this double standard. Also Geraldo Rivera joins us.
And later tonight, devastating news. Liberal Joe announces he's leaving the Republican Party. So if a tree falls in a forest, does anybody know? I have got a mini monologue for liberal Joe tonight you don't want to miss.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So in the wake of Donald Trump Jr. releasing emails about his 2016 meeting with a Russian lawyer, some Democrats, members of the leftwing media are saying he broke the law, committed treason. But in a new op-ed, lawyer, FOX News anchor Gregg Jarrett said that is so far from the case. He joins us along with attorney, FOX News contributor at large Geraldo Rivera. You called it preposterous.
They're talking about the FEC campaign act. That's not criminal.
But he had no idea about what they were offering.
I used it.
What about Ukraine? Because there was information passed on. There was a meeting that took place in the Ukrainian embassy. It was passed on to the DNC. This really happened. The country doesn't know about that story. And it's far worse.
Geraldo, I think it's time that if this is where the Democrats want to go, Hillary on the email server, Hillary on Uranium One, Comey on the Espionage Act, the Records Act, Loretta Lynch, I think the deep state - - I say, OK, bring it all on. Everybody that committed a crime, let's go after them all.
You are just about to yell at me. Go ahead.
The double standard is nauseating.
Good to see you both. Great work on that. And by the way, where do people get your columns?
You ought to write a column.
When we come back, liberal Joe Scarborough, he says he is done with the Republican Party. So sad. And the most cringe-worthy musical appearance I've ever seen in my life. We have got a mini monologue.
And conservative Twitter social media sensation Terrence Williams, he gets the last word tonight again on HANNITY.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So former Republican Congressman turned morning show host because we kind of killed him at night turned want to be rock star, liberal Joe Scarborough made a so-called huge announcement last night. He told his comrade over at CBS, Steve Colbert, he's leaving the Republican Party. Oh, Joe, liberal Joe, say it ain't so.
That is the subject of tonight's very important mini monologue.
If you watch this show on a regular basis, you know that I am not a Republican. I am a registered conservative. However, my values, my views, and my viewpoints, they align more with the GOP, certainly more than the socialist Democratic Party. But Liberal Joe Scarborough is much, much different. A former Republican congressman from Florida's panhandle, moved to the northeast. He wanted to make it big. And now it's very clear, he wants to be loved and worshiped and idolized and adored and supported by all his liberal, arrogant, elitist friends in New York City, those people that are filling his head with visions of glory.
Now, knowing Joe Scarborough, he thinks that he really could one day be the president of the United States. Yes, he believes it. But calling President Trump a schmuck, a goon, a thug, and mentally unfit, it wasn't enough to please all his liberal friends and colleagues and of course his blushing bride to be, Mika. So now he's leaving the Republican Party. Bye-bye. Watch this.
Liberal Joe, you made Steve Colbert's liberal audience so, so proud. What is the Republican Party ever going to do without Joe? Fortunately as the GOP loses one of its own, it looks like a Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame, they're going to be gaining a legend. Did anyone else notice, by the way, the hair last night? Wow. I guess Mika is telling him it looks really cool.
I guess it could be the theme song for MSNBC considering it's like a monkey house over there with all their conspiracy theories, considering how lacking in truth they all are. Joe, I never thought I'd say this -- watching that performance, don't quit your day job. It's cringe-inducing. By the way, FOX still doesn't want you, but if some reason you get fired over at NBC, you've been sucking up to Jeff Zucker and kissing his ass, maybe he'll hire you.
And up next tonight on HANNITY --
He's back, he gets the last word. Twitter social media sensation Terrence Williams, a brand-new video out tonight. He gets the last word. That's next.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Time again for social media Twitter sensation, our friend Terrence Williams, he gets the last word tonight and all week. Take a look.
Terrence gets the last word.
That's all the time we have left this evening, and thanks for being with us. Remember, this show, always fair, always balanced. See you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 124  ***************************************************
 What's that?
No...
You were here. So you did a great job holding down the fort. I am...
This is pent-up fury that is building in me! I can't take it!
They don't deserve to!
I -- I -- the idea that they have, like, less than -- like, about 30 days left in the legislative calendar in the next six months -- who -- do you even have -- do you have time to eat lunch? I don't -- you know what I eat for lunch?
Campbell's soup every day. These people take...
I've never seen anything like it!
Yes, Green Room food...
... which is the worst!
All right, coming up, Sara Carter, John Solomon, Jay Sekulow join us with reaction to the big breaking news today.
And then later, it's time to hold these Washington Republicans accountable. Senator Ted Cruz -- he thinks they should stay home from vacation. He'll update us on the Senate's attempt to repeal and replace "Obama care," all that, Dr. Sebastian Gorka.
And wait until you see the final minute, a new segment tonight. Terrence Williams (ph) gets the last word. We'll explain coming up.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Former fired FBI director James Comey is in deep trouble tonight just weeks after testifying under oath that the memos that he wrote and then later leaked about his conversations with President Trump were not government records and contained no classified information.
There's this bombshell from John Solomon that reveals more than half the memos the former FBI director, James Comey, wrote as personal recollections of his conversations with President Trump about the Russia investigation have, in fact, been determined to contain classified information, according to interviews with officials familiar with the documents.
Also tonight, there's another explosive new story from John Solomon and Sara Carter regarding the meeting between Donald Trump, Jr., and a Russian lawyer that's sending the media into a feeding frenzy yet again. Could it have been set up by Democratic operatives? You won't catch this on the other news channels.
Joining us now, Circa News Sara Carter, the executive vice president at The Hill, John Solomon, the attorney for President Trump, chief counsel for the American Center for Law and Justice Jay Sekulow.
Let's start, Jay, with you on the issue of 18 U.S. code 641, the Records Act, government property leaked to The New York Times, 18 U.S. Code 793, the Espionage Act, classified information. Are they both felonies?
All right, Sara Carter, let's go to you and your reporting along with John. Good have you both back, by the way. Let's start with your reports about was this possibly a setup? In other words, this whole meeting with Donald Trump, Jr. -- is this a very different story than the American people are being told?
And John, I want to juxtapose this to another story that Politico broke. And this goes back in January of this past year. And the headline is, "Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump backfire." "Kiev officials are scrambling to make amends with the president-elect after quietly working to boost Clinton." Now, the story goes on to talk about that this wasn't the only campaign that was boosted by a former Soviet bloc country. And Ukrainian officials, government officials tried to help Hillary undermine Trump, questioning his fitness for office and also discussing documents implicating a top Trump aide in corruption, and so on and so forth.
Is that coupled with this dossier that was put together -- are those two examples of foreign governments working with the Clinton campaign to influence the outcome of an election?
Well, don't we know that in was the Obama administration, John?
Do you believe that this was a setup by the DNC and this Fusion group that we're are talking about?
We're going to have more with Sara, John, Jay right after the break.
Also, Senator Ted Cruz is here tonight. He says failure is not an option when it comes to repealing, replacing "Obama care." He'll explain what he wants this bill to look like.
And also later tonight...
Our friend, he's on conservative media. He's a comedian. We're going to give him the last word tonight. We'll play his hilarious video coming up later. All that, Dr. Gorka is here, as we continue.
As we continue tonight on "Hannity" with reaction to all this breaking news out of Washington, we continue with Sara Carter, John Solomon, Jay Sekulow. Sara, I will go with you. OK, this is what we do know. We know 125 deep state leaks in 126 days. This is what we know -- James Comey violated the Records and the Espionage Act. Here we know Hillary Clinton mishandled classified information, top-secret information, special access program information, and she also destroyed some of those. Then of course the uranium one deal, pay to play, quid pro quo, where I grew up it's called bribery, and she got all of this money kicked back to the Clinton Foundation, and Vladimir Putin, Russia conspiracy, up to 20 percent of America's uranium reserves.
These are all issues, crimes -- General Flynn is another -- we know they were committed here. There's nobody talking about any of these issues. And then the Ukrainian influence that I mentioned in the last segment. How is it possible, Russia, Russia, Russia, and all this other stuff getting ignored?
Would any other presidential campaign, John Heilemann tweeted out today, oh, I've never heard about this before. I'm like, just read "Politico" in January of 2017 about the Ukrainians working with the Clinton campaign. There's your collusion. Or just read about the dossier guy and there's more collusion. John Solomon, same question. All the crimes we know were committed here.
It always happens. And if anyone says it doesn't, it's a lie. And we know it happened with Hillary's campaign, and the DNC actually was working with these people. Jay Sekulow, let me put up on the side of the screen lost potentially broken by James Comey, and I think some of these laws are the very same laws he let Hillary off the hook with, especially the Espionage Act, apply to her.
Thank you all for being with us. We will conversation all week. We are going to dig deeper. We're going to point out the hypocrisy and tell you how the media has an agenda that's not to help you, the American people. Thanks for being with us.
And coming up on this program, we are holding Washington accountable. It is time for Republicans to work and to keep their promises. Senator Ted Cruz will join us next.
And also later tonight --
At Warsaw President Trump showed the world that leading from the front, what it looks like. Dr. Sebastian Gorka, he's here tonight.
And also tonight --
Terrence Williams, a conservative comic that is a social media sensation gets the last word on HANNITY tonight as we continue.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Now as I said at the top of the show tonight, Republican lawmakers, they need to cancel their August recess, roll up their sleeves, start working on the president's agenda. Their lack of urgency frankly is pathetic. It's also time Republicans keep the promises they made, especially on repealing and replacing Obamacare.
Over the weekend Senator Ted Cruz said failure is not an option, and that he believes that health care can in fact get done. He joins us now from Washington, D.C., and that is Texas Senator Ted Cruz. Senator, I am with you. I'm listening to McCain and McConnell, they are basically throwing up their arms. What's happening here?
Senator, I know that you work very close because I talked to all the Freedom Caucus guys, and you are literally up late at night talking to all the House Freedom Caucus members, all the disparate groups there, to try to get it done in a way that would also work in the Senate. So I am really surprised -- not by you but by other senators saying we are not going to get this done. That was the House's promise in 2010. You had a filibuster in 2013. They said oh, that's going to hurt the elections in the Senate in 2014 -- wrong. Republicans won the Senate in 2014. Donald Trump is now the president. How does anybody in the Republican Party expect to get reelected if they can't do this one fundamental thing that they all promised?
Yes, I love that.
Last question. I know the Freedom Caucus in the House, and a group of senators tonight put out a letter to Mitch McConnell -- because you only have 30 legislative days left in the year, for crying out loud. So in 15 days you're scheduled to go on vacation again. I don't think most Americans can identify with this. I suspect you don't want to go on vacation, but I didn't see your name on the list. Is there a reason?
Well said.
All right, Senator, you're right. If these guys fail, they will pay a price so large that they seem to have no clue about what the backlash will be. They better get their job done. Senator Cruz, keep us in the loop on this, very important. We appreciate it.
And coming up, President Trump while in Warsaw last week showed the world what leading from the front actually looks like. America needs this now more than ever. Up next, we get reaction, Dr. Sebastian Gorka, and Terrence Williams gets the final word tonight. You don't want to miss it.
President Trump last week in Warsaw in Poland, showing the world that leading from the front, it looks a lot better. By the way, it couldn't come at a more important time. Here with reaction, deputy assistant to the president, Dr. Sebastian Gorka. Dr. Gorka, I am on vacation and then I'm watching the latest phony Russia conspiracy theory now being advanced. And thousands of hours of coverage, and I'm looking at North Korea, they have nuclear weapons because of the Clintons. And the Iranians are trying to get them and they have the money because of Obama.
And then I am looking at ISIS is not defeated. And then I'm thinking, OK, our borders are not secure. Our economy, our bills to pass the economy, that's not been done. There's no coverage of any of this because of the obsessive-compulsive desire to stop the president's agenda. To me, these are real clear present dangers to the world. How do you take out North Korea's nuclear sites and do it effectively when they have nuclear weapons that could hit Seoul and Japan and even China if the guys that nuts?
The uranium deal or the Uranium One deal?
Baghdadi, we have an author on who said in fact they had a chance to take Baghdadi out, but because of Obama rules of engagement they didn't take the shot. They had two weeks to do it.
God forbid the media get off their Russia obsession. Maybe they should focus on Hillary and her campaign working with the Ukrainians directly, proven, no ambiguity, collusion. They don't report. Dr. Gorka, good to see you, thank you.
And up next, you do not want to miss our next segment on "Hannity."
Conservative Twitter sensation Terrence Williams, he gets the last word. He's taking on fake news and much more. We'll play you that tape in its entirety. Terrence has the last word, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So last month we showed you a hilarious video from the Twitter sensation conservative comedian Terrence Williams. I decided to invite him all week on the program so he gets the last word, every night this week, I think you'll like it. Take a look.
You've got to go to his Twitter account, it is the best thing you've ever seen. Not always politically correct either. Terrence will be back tomorrow and all week he'll get the last word all week.
Unfortunately that's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. This show will always be fair and balanced. We will see you back here tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 125  ***************************************************
 
show#: 126  ***************************************************
 All right. These are massive and huge breaking developments tonight about what is severe Obama era FISA abuses. This letter, just released tonight, to the Attorney General Jeff Sessions. The House Intel Committee Chair Devin Nunes is detailing how the FBI may have literally broken the law and violated bureau protocols when a painting that FISA warrant to surveil Trump campaign associate Carter Page.
In this letter released tonight, Nunes points out specific DOJ guidelines when it comes to FISA surveillance. He writes, quote: 'Under the subsection FISA verification and accuracy procedures, the FBI itself acknowledges this importance, quote: the accuracy of information contained within FISA applications is of the utmost importance, only documented and verified information may be used to support FBI applications, FISA warrants to the court.'
Given this new information, Chairman Nunes, he is now demanding the DOJ explain if, in fact, these protocols are still in place. We already know the answer. They never verified this. And if they are, the chairman wants to know how officials will be punished for violating this law, lying to a FISA judge and not following protocol.
This letter also points out how using this false information in a FISA court could violate several laws. Look at them on the screen, 18 USC 242, using color of law to conduct a targeted investigation based on the pretext of law enforcement, you have 50 USC 1809, surveillance conducted under color of law in a manner not authorized by a FISA conspiracy, obstruction of justice and contempt of court.
What this means is the scandal is getting bigger and bigger unlike an abuse of power we have ever seen in the history of this country. That's why we are unpeeling layer after layer of this onion. Gregg Jarrett, Sara Carter, Jason Chaffetz, the great one Mark Levin will all have reaction to this tonight. And also breaking, we have more evidence the Trump-Russia collusion narrative for 20 months is a complete farce.
Democratic Congressman Adam Schiff, you know, the ranking member of the House Intel Committee, long time professional Trump hater, he is now admitting that the scary, damning, earth-shattering information that he has now been playing up for more than a year is already in the public domain. Really? Where is it?
Watch this.
Amazing job, Meghan McCain.
Let me give you have the translation. Adam Schiff is accusing Trump of collusion with little more speculation, rumor and phony Russian dossier that it was never corroborated or verified. Do you see how severe this is?
We may well find out in coming weeks or months that Schiff's constant anti-Trump five alarm fires has been nothing more than political hyperbole meant to damage a sitting president that you voted for, so he could win favor with his liberal base and get hired by conspiracy TV MSNBC.
And is probably why, according to the RNC, Schiff has appeared on television 227 times since President Trump's inauguration. So, it's only a matter of time where NBC hires him. Maybe he'll take over for Matt Lauer who has been out for a while.
Also brand new tonight, Robert Mueller now facing criticism for someone who has intimate knowledge of special counsel investigations. Kenneth Starr, you might remember, independent counsel, responsible for investigating Bill Clinton in the 1990s. He is saying that Mueller, something we have been saying, might be crossing a line. Watch this.
Starr went on to explain while Mueller's investigation must remain narrowly focused it's up to the deputy attorney general. He's right, Rod Rosenstein who is overseeing this case to keep Mueller on task.
Remember, this whole witch-hunt was supposed to only be about Trump-Russia collusion. That evidence does not exist all of this time. Speaking of Russia, think about this, with all of that talk we have another major breaking news story tonight, that's the Russian president, the bad actor Vladimir Putin. That's right. The guy that Obama said wasn't a bad actor and tell Vladimir I will have more flexibility after the elections. Remember that guy?
He's claiming he has brand new nuclear weapons that can penetrate America's defenses. Putin made the announcement during a state of the nation speech. He detailed how these new weapons literally include a nuclear power cruise missile and knew hyper sonic missile and nuclear-powered underwater drone.
Beyond incredible.
The mayor of Oakland is literally aiding and abetting criminal illegal immigrants and, of course, she is defending her actions writing on Twitter, not talking about the consequences. 'I don't regret sharing this information. It is Oakland's legal right to be a sanctuary city and we have not broken any laws. We believe our community is safer when families stay together.'
Don't we know it was never verified?
By the way, because in January, Jim Comey goes to Trump Tower and say, it's salacious and it's verified. This is in October, this is months earlier -- he is now admitting months later that was never verified.
And they used it.
This is going to come due now. This is happening. They are in deep trouble.
All right. Congressman, let me go to you and then I want to bring Sarah in.
So, we know that before the Nunes memo, they waited until the very last day and hours before the headline to release the information that then became the Nunes memo. We know that Rod Rosenstein went into Speaker Ryan's office and begged him, don't give the information that has been subpoenaed.
Now, I want to know, Rod Rosenstein, he has seven days to explain this and I suspect he is not going to want to answer again. And he is the guy that appointed Mueller. How should this be handled from a legal standpoint when you have separation of powers, when you have oversight authority as you once did?
One of the things, Sara, I want to weigh in all of this, but also add, the point that Ken Starr made earlier, because this is an important point and he was accused of the same thing, going beyond the mandate of what the special counsel is. I mean, literally, every day, I see and I believe my gut, the special counsel, there's somebody in there that's leaking, because they don't like the fact that they are being covered and uncovered in the sense that look at the people that Robert Mueller hired.
So, when Ken Starr says it's beyond the mandate, how far beyond the mandate have we gone here?
It's out there. What is out there? Nobody can answer, where is the collusion? What is it?
These people have zero shame. Listen, if he doesn't have that answer, and he -- it's already out there, what is it? Somebody needs to ask him as he goes on 272 shows auditioning to be the next Rachel Maddow or Lawrence O'Donnell.
When?
We need it sooner rather than later.
Gregg?
The inspector general's report comes out. Then we get reports of possible crimes. Then we have -- our DOJ lawyers will look at it.
And then we'll have a special counsel. Really?
Don't we have enough evidence now that warrants an appointment of another special counsel to investigate the investigators, the FBI and the DOJ?
Jason Chaffetz, should there be a second special counsel and do we have to wait for the I.G.? Then the DOJ attorney and then special counsel? Is that -- when we know laws have been broken? We have irrefutable evidence at this point.
Rod Rosenstein?
All right.
I do, too. And so does Sara. Sara is shaking her head. I wish we had more time.
All right. When we come back, Reince Priebus, also the great one Mark Levin will analyze all this new information. Stay with us as this news breaking edition of HANNITY continues.
Yes, Joe has lost his mind obviously.
The destroy Trump media having their field day following yesterday's announcement Hope Hicks that she was resigning her position at White House communications director.
Joining us now with reaction -- he was there himself -- former White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus.
All right. First of all, I defy all of these phony overpaid so-called journalists, hypocrite colleagues that are lazy beyond belief. OK, this is a white lie. The president would love to be on with you liberal Joe, but, he is busy that day. OK? Meaning the president has no intention.
Or Reince, your tie looks actually looks great tonight when I really think your tie looks hideous. That's a white lie. And they have all told them.
By the way, they'll pay more lawyers --
You know, this is another thing. The media will say, OK, well, Donald Trump is never going to be somebody he is not. He is not going to be the president, the mainstream establishment president that they wanted elected. They would have had that with Hillary. He is his own man.
So, if the president vents or tweets that he is annoyed with something, is that how he makes decisions or is it part of a process?
Palace intrigue.
Energy independence, ANWR open --
Look at the statistics today, what, 49-year low of unemployment issues? Here's what I want to ask you. So, Adam Schiff --
Of his agenda.
Let me ask you this, Adam Schiff's admission. I thought Meghan McCain destroyed him on 'The View'. I didn't watch. We showed the clip.
And I give her all the credit in the world. She did a phenomenal job. Adam Schiff, oh, it's all in the public arena enough to about Trump- Russia collusion. I'm like, is there any evidence? Have you ever seen anything? Because I haven't.
Last question. Just because the president vets at a meeting as he makes a decision -- I think I want to fire left person, what is the real process? Is that -- does he mean it when he says it or is it part of a process.
Right.
All right. Reince, always good to see you. Thank you for joining us. We appreciate it. All right. When we come back, the great one on our top story, yes, the FBI could have committed crimes and broken protocol. The great one Mark Levin responds to all of that. That is straight ahead.
All right as we continue and as we report in our opening monologue tonight the House Intel Committee chair, that would be Devin Nunes, he has sent a letter tonight to Attorney General Sessions that says the FISA surveillance application for Carter Page, a campaign associate in the Trump administration, for the Trump campaign appears to be a clear violation of FBI rules for submitting evidence to the FISA court and may also violate criminal statutes. Mark Levin's legal foundation has also filed a motion. They are asking the FISA court to do something about the suspected abuses allegedly committed by the FBI and the DOJ he is also the host the new colleague, we are proud to have him and that is 'Life, liberty Levin,' I am going to call him the great one. Also the host of Levin TV, CRTV Mark Levin. This Nunes memo that I have here that the FBI could have committed crimes and that they broke protocol. Don't we already know when you don't tell a FISA Judge in your initial application, subsequent renewal applications that Hillary bought and paid for the dossier and it was never verified and the law specifically says to verify it, don't we know that they violated the law, Mark Levin, constitutional scholar?
Explain that.
Let me ask you this.
This is all great information. Mark, this is how I see this. Remember the Grassley-Graham memo, huge news. They said the bulk of the FISA application consisted of what we now know to be unverified information. Fusion GPS, co-founder Glenn Simpson, never verified it. The FBI never verified. The deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe literally said no dossier, not even an application. You're right. It's renewed every 90 days. So, if you have an opposition Party candidate using unverified Russian lies in the lead-up and post-election, to undermine a president, and -- what we know as of now is none of it is true. Is this based on your knowledge of history at least a biggest abuse of power and corruption in your lifetime? Because to me this is Watergate, are you kidding? This is Watergate time a thousand to me.
Baloney.
Mark, last thing.
Remember, Comey said to Trump in January of 2017 in Trump tower, oh, it's salacious and it's unverified. The FISA application, the first one was three months earlier, he by his own words is admitting he violated as Gregg Jarrett said earlier as many as six laws. These are felonies, Mark. You don't lie before a judge nor do you present especially when it comes to the Constitution.
Agreed.
Last word.
'Life, Liberty, Levine' Sunday nights, 10:00 eastern. Who are is your guest this weekend?
Awesome.
I love this.
I love Walter Williams this past weekend. Great opening show. Number one in the ratings. Awesome job. All right great one. Good to see you, thank you. When we come back, Tomi Lahren. You don't want to miss this. We are going to get into this Oakland mayor. This is unbelievable, putting people's lives at risk. Law enforcement straight ahead.
All right. Joining us with now on the outrageous story the Oakland mayor warning residents beforehand that ICE agents law enforcement raids is targeting illegal immigrants. Joining us now Fox News contributor Tomi Lahren and from Catalina Magazine, the publisher Cathy Areu is with us. Do you believe in the rule of law, Cathy?
And federal law says that you are not allowed to enter the country illegally.
Ok. Especially for the case of those criminal aliens that we know committed crimes, do you think it's a good thing that the Oakland mayor, that she warns criminal aliens in some cases oh, ICE is coming. I want to aid and bet you and help you break the law.
She warned them ICE is coming.
Forget the word smithy.
Did they break the law?
When they entered the country illegally by not going through the normal process, is that illegal? Yes or no.
What about the people we know that are here illegally, you are being stubborn.
People enter this country illegally.
Is that illegal?
This the party -- it all depends on the meaning of the word is. I can't handle. This it's obviously illegal. The thing that bothers me, Tomi, that mayor is putting law enforcement lives in jeopardy by giving them a heads up.
Cathy answer Tomi.
Answer the question about Kate Steinle.
Would Kate Steinle have been alive if there was illegal immigrant? That we knew that was in the country.
My blood pressure, Tomi, help me.
Check mate Tomi Lahren on this one. Conde Rice confronted Adam Schiff on the view today. We have that video and the Hannity hotline straight ahead.
So earlier today on "the view" Condoleezza Rice delivered a very simple buy very powerful message to the Democratic Congressman Adam Schiff who has spent months and months making his grandiose claims about Trump- Russia collusion. Watch this.
He admitted oh we don't have any evidence. All right. Time for the Hannity hotline. Take a listen.
I can't, Laura Ingraham has the slot she took it from me. This is the first night of all the calls were nice. You want to sound off, like me, hate me. It doesn't matter, 8772258587. This is the first night. All right. That is all the time we have left. As always we will be fair and balance, we are not the destroy-Trump media -- all right what is with -- what is it Laura Ingraham, what is it?
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 127  ***************************************************
 All right. A lot of breaking news. We're going to go slow. A lot of details surrounding this Democratic memo put together by liberal Trump-hating Congressman Adam Schiff. We'll dissect this thing point by point. We'll give you all the information that the media won't tell you about.
But before we get into all of those details, here is the biggest takeaway. Everything from a year ago that we have been uncovering and telling you about involving rampant FISA abuses, spying on the Trump campaign, has actually now been corroborated by the Democrats. It's all true, the Schiff memo was supposed to take on the credibility and challenge the memo that Congressman Nunes put out. In reality, the exact opposite is happening.
Here's why. Facts are facts. The truth is the truth. Both Republicans and Democrats are now confirming that the completely unverified Hillary Clinton bought and paid for dossier filled with Russian lies made a large part of the FISA application that was used to then spy on a member of the Trump campaign.
And here is another key point you have to consider. Have you noticed the near radio silence from fake news CNN, conspiracy TV MSNBC when it comes to the Schiff memo? The liberal media, they are not talking about it because they know that it proves all of the key findings and facts of the Republican memos. And now that you have that important background information, let's dive into this Democratic memo.
Here's what this Schiff memo corroborates. Just like the Nunes memo in the House, the Grassley-Graham memo in the Senate, they lay out the FBI, the DOJ did in fact lie and mislead a FISA judge about the fact that Hillary Clinton and the DNC that she controlled actually paid for the Russian dossier full of lies. Schiff, he actually quotes a section of the FISA application in his memo. It reads that the DOJ disclosed that Christopher Steele was approached by an identified U.S. person who has indicated a source one, Steele, that a U.S.-based law firm had hired the identified U.S. person to conduct research regarding candidate number one's ties to Russia, Trump.
The identified U.S. person and source number one have long-standing business relationship. The identified U.S. person hired source number one to conduct the research. The identified U.S. person never advised source number one as to the motivation behind the research into candidate one's, Trump's, ties to Russia. The FBI speculates the identified U.S. person was likely looking for information that could be used to discredit candidate number one's campaign.
Hillary Clinton, the Clinton campaign, the DNC -- here's the shock -- they are never mentioned. In other words, they are outright lying by omission. Slowly. In other words, it is an indisputable fact that the FBI, DOJ, lied to the FISA judge in order to get a warrant to spy on Trump campaign associate. He will join us later, Carter Page.
They purposefully and maliciously hid all ties to Clinton and the DNC because there is no way on this green earth that any FISA judge would ever have approved the application if in fact the judge knew that Clinton and the DNC paid over $12 million for a dossier to influence the election.
And that last sentence about the FBI speculating about the purpose of the dossier, that's especially important, because that indicates that the FBI and the DOJ, they knew about the political motivations behind the Russian paid for dossier and they used it any way. Sounds like a deep state?
That key point has been proven and it's undoubtedly true. Now understand how profound this really is. You have the FBI, DOJ, they literally knew Hillary Clinton, her campaign, and the DNC she's controlling, that they paid for a dossier filled with Russian lies and Russian government lies. They covered up the fact before the FISA judge to get the warrant and in the process, what are they really doing? They are shredding the Constitution, our Fourth Amendment protections.
Schiff is also exposing himself to be a big fat liar. In this memo, he admits that the dossier had political motivations. But on February 2nd, after the Nunes memo came out, Schiff put out a statement that statement reads in part, quote: The majority suggests that the FBI failed to alert the court as to Mr. Steele's potential political motivations or the political motivations of those who hired him, but this is inaccurate.
So, Schiff is saying something that is an outright lie. There is the proof. And here's the other key point, the Schiff memo is corroborating the Nunes and Grassley-Graham memos because they expose how the dossier was the essential part of the FISA application. And if you look at the Grassley-Graham memo, it finds, quote: their words, the bulk of the FISA application consisted of the unverified Clinton bought and paid for dossier. Wow.
Schiff tries to down play the reliance on the phony dossier by writing in his memo that it only made up a narrow part of the FISA application. That too was a lie. And Schiff also writes that a specific section of the FISA application actually references the completely unverified claims in the dossier about Carter Page in June 20th, June 2016 in the meetings that he had in Moscow. Page has denied over and over again it's never been confirmed.
So, Schiff is admitting contrary to its claims, the dossier did make up the bulk of the application to get the FISA warrant. Now, the Democrats' current position on the dossier, and look, they're trying to minimize it, is the complete opposite of what they were saying back in March during a congressional hearing. This is all politics. They are all liars and they are all phony and we have been right for a year now.
Take a look at this.
They know better.
Former federal prosecutor Andy McCarthy and other legal experts are also pointing to a very key fact. In order to get the FISA warrant approved, because Page -- Page Carter, he'll join us in a minute, is an American citizen. Well, the FBI and the DOJ had to show that Page was acting as an agent of a foreign government, and that its clandestine actions to help Russia were likely a violation of federal law.
As we have been reporting on, the dossier put the FISA warrant over the top. Without the dossier, they wouldn't have been able to get any judge to sign off on the warrant. We've also been telling you that the FISA application, remember, it was denied, the first and probably the second time. But then in the dossier was helped win approval. As a matter of fact, it was the bulk of it, and it's probably why the Nunes memo says that the former deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe, he testified without the dossier, a judge would never have granted a FISA warrant to surveil Carter Page and, by the way, they wouldn't have even tried for the FISA warrant.
And speaking of McCabe, after the Nunes memo was released, Democrats accused Nunes of lying about McCabe's testimony on the dossier. Interesting, the Schiff memo doesn't offer up any evidence to refute that. If Nunes was wrong, why didn't Schiff and the Democrats included transcript about what McCabe said to prove the point?
My sources told me that McCabe said that and much more. Democrats didn't do it for the obvious reason, because the facts aren't on their side.
The Schiff memo also tries to make a big deal about Steele's credibility given the fact that he had worked in the past with the FBI. Schiff is trying to change the subject here and hide the fact that Steele used current and former Russian government sources in the dossier. And that none of the information, this is an important part, none of it was ever verified by the FBI. It was never verified by the Department of Justice, by Fusion GPS, which hired Steele.
In other words, when getting a FISA warrant, the credibility of the person is not nearly as important as the credibility of the sources or where the information is coming from. As we have been telling you none of the information from Russian sources was ever corroborated. None of it.
So, Schiff and the Democrats clearly are trying to conceal this most important fact from you the American people.
Here's another key truth. The Schiff memo confirms about the two Republican memos. The GOP memos detail how the FISA application mentions that Yahoo News article written by Michael Isikoff about Carter Page. But what Schiff lies about is that Steele was the source for Isikoff and Yahoo News, which the FISA judge was not made aware of. He is like thinking these are two independent corroborating sources. No, one source, same person.
And the Republican memos explain how the Yahoo News article was used to independently corroborate Steele's dossier and another source, but Steele was the only source. Another lie to the judge.
And another yet key aspect of all of this is the Schiff memo is admitting to be true, and that is that the former British spy Christopher Steele, remember, why was he terminated as an FBI source? Oh, he was leaking to the media and what Schiff conveniently leave out is that Steele lied about talking to the press and bringing this information to them, which is why Senator Grassley and Senator Graham have made a criminal referral against Christopher Steele.
The Schiff memo is full of other massive and outright lies as well. For example, Schiff falsely claims that Carter Page was never spied on while the member of the Trump campaign. That's not true, because with the FISA warrant, the federal government has the ability to access all of Page's old electronic communications, all the emails, old text messages, old phone calls when he was part of the Trump campaign. And that meant, yes, the FBI spied on the Trump campaign and getting the warrant on Page allowed them to do it, which is why they lied to get the FISA warrants in the first place. And Page will join us and explain later on.
If the guy was a Russian spy. Carter Page, like the Schiff memo is claiming, why hasn't Carter Page been charged with a crime? And if the evidence against Page is so overwhelming, you know, that the FBI didn't need the phony dossier to get a warrant? Again, just like Schiff and the Democrats are claiming, then why was it used?
Schiff writes that Carter Page actually talked to the FBI in March of 2016. So, after the FBI got the dossier, months later, why wouldn't they just go to talk to Page again and find out what he knew. He cooperated in March.
Getting a FISA warrant on an American citizen is supposed to be the last resort. It should only be necessary when the foreign intelligence that the government is seeking cannot be obtained through normal investigative techniques. From what we now know, the FBI didn't get in contact with Page again when the bureau apparently got their hands on the phony dossier in the fall of 2016 only months before the election.
Why wouldn't the FBI do that when Page had already been cooperating? None of this makes sense. And then again maybe it isn't supposed to because the truth is finally coming out.
Here is the bottom line: the FBI top echelon, not rank and file, lied to a FISA judge about Clinton and the DNC. They never told the judge that she paid for these Russian lies in this dossier that was then used to get a warrant to spy on the Trump campaign. It is -- should be -- it is one if not the biggest political scandal in our history.
Here with reaction, House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes.
Congressman, good to see you. Thank you for being with us.
I am a bit stunned at the Schiff memo. And I guess there is a reason that many in the liberal media aren't covering it because it corroborates so much of what you said. The Steele dossier as the Graham- Grassley memo says was the bulk of the information, the phony unverified Russian -- Clinton bought and paid for Russian dossier that was the bulk of the FISA warrant. That's now on the record, correct?
All right. And they -- what is so important to me is. So Hillary, she has bought and paid for, her and the DNC, then it's used as the basis for a FISA warrant. But here is what is not addressed by Adam Schiff and he loves television. I mean, he's literally auditioning daily to be an MSNBC contributor.
But the most glaring thing to me is that it never mentions in his memo at all Clinton or the DNC, just like it was never told to the FISA judge. Now --
And the DOJ and FBI never verified the Clinton bought and paid for dossier although they knew it was political in nature that she had paid for it? They never did their own verification?
Isn't that lying by omission, sir?
I guess the next thing I want to know is, so we have had allegation after allegation after allegation Trump-Russia collusion. Is there any evidence to date of any Trump-Russia collusion of any kind that you or anybody on your committee or anybody in the FBI or Department of Justice or Robert Mueller's investigation has come up with that you have seen?
Are crimes in your view committed here in terms of the FISA application, the role of high ranking, not rank and file, high ranking FBI, DOJ intelligence people and what does it say about this whole year-plus that this country has been consumed with an investigation that apparently has no evidence whatsoever should it go away?
Didn't Glenn Simpson also admit in testimony that in fact he never corroborated, he never verified, and at times I believe it might have been the Senate, maybe not your committee. But I believe he also admitted that they had coordinated, in terms of media outreach to get out information that was never verified, that was Clinton bought and paid for. That was connected to Russia?
Let me ask you this last question. You said this is phase one. At another point in an interview we did together, you talked about at least four other phases. Can you outline what else is coming and the specific areas of interest that you have in terms of investigations?
Did you find Susan Rice's note to self on the final day of the Obama administration odd?
Does it scare you that an unverified political bought and paid for document full of Russian lies, with all the talk about Russia collusion, could make its way to the FISA court, that the FISA judge is not informed about its origins and that it becomes the basis to spy on an opposition party in the lead up to an election? Does that scare you as much as it does me?
That's scary.
All right. Congressman, thank you. Keep up of the good work.
We need the truth. The American people deserve it.
When we come back, we'll talk to Sara Carter and Gregg Jarrett.
Also, an exclusive interview with Carter Page. He is mentioned extensively in the Schiff Democratic memo and much more, straight ahead.
All right. Here to exclusively react to the Democrats' FISA memo, former Trump campaign associate, Carter Page.
How are you, sir?
You're not a -- you're not a traitor to the country. You haven't.
Let me give you some background here so our audience understands. By the way, you are a naval graduate. You went to Annapolis?
And you were part of a foreign policy advisory counsel on the Trump campaign. They met once and you weren't there.
You never met Donald Trump? Never communicated with him in any way?
OK. And so, you yourself as a junior underpaid --
Unpaid advisor. OK.
You did speak at commencement ceremony in Moscow at the new economic school. By the way, President Obama spoke there, too.
And you lived there. Why did you live in Moscow?
You admitted to lawmakers and anybody else the question. I won't ask you about it because I don't think you can't talk about it, can you? Certain meetings you might have had? That while in Moscow, you had brief encounters with people that may have been senior government officials.
That's the deputy prime minister of Russia?
Ten seconds?
In all your time, on the campaign or not on the campaign, did anybody in Russia ever suggest to you that they had negative information on Hillary?
Anyone ever suggest to you in any way that there was a hacking that they were aware of?
You are identified a lot in this Steele dossier, you know.
Page nine of it says that you held meetings with two Igors, Sechin and the president of the Russian energy giant, Igor, I'm going to say it the wrong way, Diveykin.
And senior, according to people, did that ever happen?
Diveykin, thank you.
Is anything in the Steele dossier written about you true?
Not one word.
They were completely false.
I know Trey Gowdy asked you this. What factual inaccuracies stand out the most against you?
Do you think you would have been charged by the special counsel now if they had any evidence considering that that FISA warrant gave them an opportunity to get every text, every email. Every phone call you ever made? Wouldn't that have led to an indictment by now?
I have no personal information the Russian government or anyone associated with it played a role in the 2016 election. You added your visits to Moscow you were never approached by any Russian in any shape, manner or form. What do you make of the coverage in this country that has been for the last year though? If that is true what you said, because you said it under oath and you said it to the House Intelligence Committee?
the media is going to love that comment.
Has the country been lied to by the media and by Adam Schiff on a regular basis?
Do you know Christopher Steele? Not Michael. He is my friend.
Never met him. OK. The government by the way spied on you four different warrants for a full year.
You know what they have on you. You know the emails that they were able to get, is there anything that would implicate you in any way to associate yourselves with Russians to impact election in this country?
You know the interrogatory is that the case in Great Britain Steele cast out on the truth of his own dossier?
You are suing?
Who are you suing?
Maybe others by the time when it's all said and done.
Carter Page we will have you back. We appreciate your time. Thanks for being with us.
Sara Carter and Gregg Jarrett weigh in next. Stay with us.
All right. Joining us now Fox News contributor investigative reporter Sara Carter and Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett. A lot to respond to, Carter Page and Devin Nunes.
But why?
That is the point. The Steele dossier was key, Sara, no dossier as McCabe said, no dossier, no FISA application. Never mind warrant. They withheld the Clinton bought and paid for this thing. I mean, everything was corroborated that Nunes and the Grassley Graham memo said. Everything they corroborate.
Big time.
And you broke this on this show almost a year ago. That is how long we have been unappealing this onion. What do you think of Carter Page?
Wouldn't he have been charged by Mueller by now?
He is not being charged? You don't think it is happening.
Sara?
It was all a lie, unverified. Still viewed as a lie. Most of it has been debunked and they lied to the court. I wish -- we will bring you back tomorrow. This Schiff memo literally has back fired big time. Thank you both. Appreciate it. Mini monologue I will take on the Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel how he has handle this mass shooting in Florida. Joe Concha and Sean Spicer are next.
So less than two weeks ago on February 14th a deranged psychopath murdered 17 people in Marjory Stoneman Douglas High in Southern Florida. Dozens of encounters with law enforcement and multiple dire warnings to authorities, many are now asking why nothing was done to prevent this lunatic's rampage. Plus more questions being raised about the timid response on the day of the shooting from some in the Broward county sheriff's department. At this hour there are growing calls for the sheriff, Scott Israel to be suspended or to be resign or to be fired. That is tonight's mini monologue.
Let's start with four important words, see something, say something. That is exactly what happened in the case of Stoneman Douglas shooter Nikolas Cruz. In fact, the FBI was warned twice about Cruz, including one call weeks before the shooting where an unidentified woman told authorities that she feared Cruz would, quote, get into a school and just shoot the place up. And, according to the Naples daily news the Broward county sheriff's office, they received 18 warning calls since 2008. Law enforcement visited the home of Nikolas Cruz 39 times over a seven-year period. And we also know that while enrolled at Marjory Stoneman Douglas high, Cruz was not allowed to wear a backpack out of security concerns and ultimately expelled, because of violent behavior. Despite all of these warnings Cruz was not in jail or mental health facility or even being observed by law enforcement. Instead Cruz was easily able to enter the high school with a large bag containing an AR-15. Now school resource officer Scot Peterson armed with a gun and a bullet-proof vest, he took a position behind a concrete column outside the building when the rampage was taking place. As one witness observed Peterson remains standing still shot after shot and Scot Peterson never entered the building. Here is how one student described this officer's action in the case.
That is the opposite of how 99 percent of law enforcement would respond. Now, this officer resigned, but he is claiming that he followed protocol. Did nothing wrong. And according to multiple reports, we know that three other Broward county deputies who first arrived on the scene were also taking up stationary positions outside of the school when, in fact, Coral Springs police officers arrived on the scene and rushed into the school. We have a simple question for the Broward county sheriff tonight. Why didn't your deputies enter that school? Here's what Israel actually said yesterday on CNN.
Because of the timid response in the immediately aftermath of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas shooting, coupled with the obvious miss-signs about the increasingly derange Nikolas Cruz, dozens of Florida legislators, they are now calling for Sheriff Scott Israel to be suspended immediately. Unbelievable in the aftermath of what some are calling a total breakdown as it relates to law enforcement. Israel is praising his own amazing leadership. Wow, watch this.
As you probably noticed in the wake of one of the worst mass shootings in America's history Sheriff Israel has been quick to get in front of a camera with multiple appearances all over TV and everywhere. You also probably noticed during his TV appearances Israel has been quick to blame just about everything for the shooting from the lack of police funding, the NRA. What you won't see Israel do is take the responsibility for his department's failures during this horrific mass shooting where his department's response was anything but quick. I think it's time for sheriff Israel to take responsibility. Here with reaction. Former White House press secretary Sean Spicer. From the Hill Joe Concha. I think it's important, Joe, to point out 99 percent of police, law enforcement that I know would do the opposite? What's the important of having an armed guard on campus if he is going to stay outside as the shots are going off?
Four, yeah.
What is that?
I am very careful as it relates to -- I have really support law enforcement. These guys on the ground. Most of them would take a bullet for anybody, Sean. Then you would see that there were two warnings in the FBI but it never got to the Miami field office where it should have gotten and I am sure would have been dealt with. It seems at the least of level of being advised. You can't miss these opportunities when people are saying look, he says he wants to be a professional school shooter. And look, he is going to shoot up a school and nobody, the person that got the information did nothing.
The lesson is people -- see something, say something. People saw and said.
Joe.
I hope you I will stick with that.
Going to back fire.
Got to roll.
All right guys thank you both for being with us. We will have a lot more ahead after this.
All right, that is all the time we have left this evening. We are going to have a lot more on this of course Schiff memo which only corroborates what the Republicans and we have been telling you for over a year. We do thank you for being with us. It's like peeling one layer of an onion after another. We will never be the destroy-Trump media. We will always be the fair and balanced part. And telling you the truth, they had been so wrong for so long. Let not your heart be troubled, the news continues, look at Laura Ingraham, standing.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 128  ***************************************************
 And it gets worst from there. Look at this photo. While leaving from Afghanistan, Tweeden fell asleep and Franken proceeded as you can see there to grope her. Now Tweeden says that she didn't even know what happened until after she got home and looked at the pictures of this trip.
Now Tweeden further detailed the incident at a news conference earlier today. Let's take a look.
And this afternoon, Leanne Tweeden did an interview and she got very emotional. Take a look.
Now, I also interviewed Leanne Tweeden on my radio show earlier today, listen in.
What do you think should happen? I know they were trying to pressure you in the press conference. Does something like that warrant -- does he belong in the Senate?
Al Franken did issue a statement apologizing for the photo but claims to not remember the backstage kissing incident. It reads in part, quote, "I don't know what was in my head when I took that picture and it doesn't matter. There's no excuse. I look at it now and I feel disgusted with myself. It isn't funny. It's completely inappropriate."
Now Franken is also agreeing to a Senate ethics investigation which Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell called for and then Democrats like Chuck Schumer, Clair McCaskill quickly supported because they have no choice. An ethics investigation in my mind takes too long and by the way, is it a delay tactic? It's also funny how some Republicans are giving Franken, well, are they giving him a pass by only calling for an investigation? Leanne Tweeden is also weighing in and saying, it should go even further than that by having an outside investigation into this senator's inexcusable actions.
Now what Franken has admitted too, which we have photographic evidence right there, and what he was accused of doing is pretty downright creepy. But sadly, it's just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to Al Franken. Things you probably won't hear on any other show.
For example, on the Senate floor in 2010, Senator Franken described his USO trips and call Leanne Tweeden beautiful. Watch this.
Now Franken is also being accused of harassing a second woman, Melanie Morgan, a radio TV personality. Also the co-founder of the website Media Equalizer. Morgan is alleging it back in 2000 while appearing with Franken on Bill Maher's show on ABC "Politically Incorrect," the two had a heated debate on camera which then continued backstage. According to Melanie Morgan, Franken then got her phone number from one of the show's producers and called her three separate times, she said harassing her, until Morgan threatened to call the police.
Now, I interviewed Melanie Morgan about these accusations of harassment on my radio show earlier today. Let's listen in.
Melanie, what are people to think when we don't have a picture like in the case of Leanne? How do people sort through and get to the truth?
Now, like in the case of Senate candidate Roy Moore, these are all very serious allegations that needs to be fully investigated in this case by the Senate's Ethics Committee. And to be fair, we did reach out to Senator Franken. We did invite him on the show to tell his side of the story. You just heard part of my radio interviews with Leanne Tweeden and Melanie Morgan. Now, we also invited those that had accused Roy Moore on this program. We will also reached out to Hillary Clinton, Nancy Pelosi, so far they didn't get back to us. No comment.
Now, when it comes to Senator Al Franken here is what you probably haven't heard. He has a long history of making all kinds of vicious, vile, completely out of line comments. He is also a massive hypocrite when it comes to sexual harassment.
For example, in 1995, he was working on "Saturday Night Live" on a quote "skit" where he suggested drugging and raping Leslie Stahl from "60 Minutes." He said at the time, quote, "I give the pills to Leslie Stahl then when Leslie's passed out I take her to the closet and rape her. And that's why you never see Leslie until February. Or when she passes out I put her in various positions and take pictures of her."
What kind of a person is making jokes about drugging and raping women?
Then in 2000, Al Franken wrote a, quote, So called "satirical article" for Playboy magazine with the headline "Porn-o-Rama!" Most of it is too vulgar to read on TV. But impart, one part in particular, Franken wrote, "I'm talking about the internet which is a terrific learning tool. For example, a couple of years ago, when he was 12, my son used the internet for a sixth grade report on bestiality." And then the article, Franken goes onto fantasize about a machine that would perform oral sex on him.
And it gets worse. In 2008, when Franken was running for Senate, he was forced to apologize for what he wrote in Playboy and his crude in appalling comments about Leslie Stahl. But in his new book, Franklin actually said that he faked those apologies in order to win votes. His own words. He writes, "To say I was sorry for writing a joke was to sell out my career, to sell out who I've been in my entire life. And I wasn't sorry that I had written Porn-o-Rama or pitched that stupid Leslie Stahl joke at 2 in the morning. I was just doing my job."
So I guess based on his own words from this point forward, we can only assume that any apology from "Senator Grope," it will only be lies in order to win votes in the future.
Examples of Franken's despicable behavior don't end there. During a Friars Club roast of Rob Reiner, Franken made jokes about infant rape. How sick do you have to be to make jokes about raping babies?
Then you have Senator Franken explaining how he considered calling Republicans, quote, "gay" when they didn't attend a hearing on an LBGT bill. Watch this.
To top it all off, there is this photo from 2000 of Al Franken actually again groping Joy Behar on the red carpet. Now maybe they thought it was funny but it makes a lot of people uncomfortable, especially in light of the photo we saw Leanne Tweeden. It looks repulsive. He doesn't even try to hide it. Two cases he's literally posing for the camera. It makes you wonder, are there other photos of Franken doing the same thing?
Just to recap, quickly. Franken is accused of groping and kissing a woman, accused of harassing another, he's made comments about drugging and raping women, and he's also homophobic clearly.
And it doesn't end there. Senator Al Franken is also a hypocrite when it comes to women speaking out about sexual abuse. Just take a look at some of his tweets. Well, "We must address sexual harassment. Reforming arbitration laws will insure survivors can seek justice in court. Thanks to courageous people who have shared #metoo stories including Senator Heitkamp and Senator Hirono and Senator Claire McCaskill and Senator Warren."Now, Franken also praised the women who exposed Harvey Weinstein. It's kind of hypocritical.
Think about this for a second. Just one second tonight. That picture of Leeann Tweeden -- just for one second. You see that got released today. Imagine it was showing a Republican. Imagine the President Trump was in that picture. How would the media act on the issue tonight? They would be the apoplectic. They would be the biggest news story of the year. They would be breathlessly condemning the incident, demanding that person resign immediately not just calling for an ethics committee hearing.
Tonight, Senator Al Franken, well, he should be ashamed as he said he is because it is repulsive. Leanne Tweeden is asleep.
We have to ask again, given this information, everything we now know now considering everyone's raising question who is fit for this office and who is fit for that office, is Senator Franken fit for office?
Now Senator Franken clearly is a pretty sick twisted individual with a warped sense of humor in his own mind that really isn't funny but his actions do need to be evaluated. At the end of the day, it will be the people and his home state that decide. And what's really shocking, what's really outrageous, is that Senator Franken is not alone when it comes to accusations of sexual misconduct against members of Congress.
According to a new office compliance numbers that were release today since 1997, 15 million of your taxpayer dollars have been used to settle allegations of sexual misconduct, discrimination and other cases against members of Congress. Why don't they pay themselves? In other words, you're subsidizing their behavior and for years it's been kept secret even though there have been 264 cases settled.
Now there are also reports about what is being called the Capitol Hill creep list which helps warn people about which members of Congress and congressional employees to avoid.
And finally tonight, a quick update on the Clinton's day of reckoning. For years, we have been shedding a light on the allegations of sexual misconduct by Bill Clinton and how Hillary smeared all of those accusers and all of their friends did -- they smeared, slandered, besmirched. We went into great detail last night in our opening monologue. We broke it down on all of its detail. We encourage you if you didn't see it, go back, you may want to see it.
So now after nearly 30 years of covering for Bill Clinton, now the media is finally realizing, "Oh, wait a second, Bill Clinton, we kind of enabled him, he is a sexual predator."
Take a look at some of these headlines. One from Vox. It says, "Bill Clinton should have resigned: What he did to Monica Lewinsky was wrong and he should have paid the price." The New York Times even says, "What about Bill? Sexual misconduct debate revives questions about Clinton."
We have to ask what took everyone in the liberal mainstream media so long. Is it because they're Democrats and they like their policies? It's time they all come forward. They enabled that abusive predatory behavior for decades. And by the way, as a result many women suffered.
We have a lot more to come tonight.
Coming up, reaction to this monologue. Also, we have some on the left turning on the Clinton's. And later, fake news, CNN, you will not going to believe what they have done. They have so out done themselves. I will explain this incredibly idiotic story that they call news. You won't want to miss this tape. Straight ahead.
That was President Bill Clinton's infamous lie about his relationship with Monica Lewinsky. For years, we have been shining a light on the allegations of sexual misconduct by President Clinton and again, liberals have given him a pass for nearly 30 years.
The women that have been involved smeared, slandered, besmirched, thrown down the stairs, bimbo eruptions. We have left wing comedian Chelsea Handler actually tweeted an apology last night to Juanita Broaddrick for not knowing her story. Handler's tweet read in part, quote, "You're right I apologize to you for not knowing your story. Democrats along with the Republicans and the rest world's political parties all need to do a better and respect the first-hand accounts of victims. I believe you."
Joining us with reaction to my opening monologue and more. Fox News contributors Tomi Lahren, Jessica Tarlov, I call him "Senator Grope." I mean, he is grabbing a sleeping women's breasts. This isn't an allegation. It's not he said and she said. We have the evidence.
It's interesting. In the case of the Roy Moore situation, I said the same thing. If true it's despicable. If true it's disgusting. I did a hard interview with him. A lot of people, you know, praised me for the interview. And I said, you have to answer these questions. At the end of the day it's going to be the people of Minnesota and the people of Alabama.
By the way, in the case of Donald Trump, I interviewed most of those women in The New York Times, they all said it was false. One after another.
No, they came on this program. Go back and look at that article. I brought many of them on this show and they all said, they were taken out of context purposely by the New York Times.
-- that was Donald Trump, that picture.
Here is my question.
Didn't the media and liberals in this country protect the Clintons for 30 years?
More than it appears, they did.
Okay. But we know they got a pass even in 2016.
Well, no, they got a pass because she took money from countries that abused women, killed gays and lesbians, persecuted Christians and Jews and nobody wanted to hear when that second debate happened. And Juanita and Paula and Kathleen were there, Tammy.
I just got some breaking news. Senator Kirsten Gillibrand of New York is now saying, Bill Clinton should have resigned over the Lewinsky affair.
But the reality is, you have Kathleen Willey. I took the time and I went to interview them. The second interview that Juanita gave first to Lisa Meyers and me. And nobody wanted to pay attention in the media. In this campaign it was brought up. Hillary, it's old news. Is it really when you say you're the woman's champion of the world? You take money from countries that abuse women. She's never said that, she said, women have a right to be believed but she never commented on the women that accused her husband. Is that hypocritical on her part?
You never saw an interview with Juanita Broaddrick.
Did you believe her?
Do you believe Kathleen Willey?
Gennifer Flowers was thrown down the stairs on "60 Minutes" in '92 and turned out Bill Clinton had to admit he had an affair with Gennifer Flowers.
But Kathleen Willey, Paula Jones and Juanita were not, that was not consensual. All three of them. All right. Tomi, let's bring you in.
One at a time. Hang on. Tomi, I will give you a chance to answer. Go ahead.
But wait, I got to jump in. She took money from countries where women --
Excuse me. She took millions of dollars from countries where her foundation that abuse women. Women are told how to dress. They can't travel without a male permission. They can't vote in some of these countries. Marital rape is legal in some of these countries. Domestic abuse is legal in some of these countries. She took millions from most countries. Jessica, you wouldn't take a dime from people that have those beliefs, would you?
I didn't say that. If you have the chance --
No, I'm talking about, the Clinton Foundation.
Excuse me. Would you take --
Would you take money from countries that abused women, killed gays and lesbians for who they are and persecute Christians and Jews? Would you?
Lahren?
Let me ask you both a really tough question. We have about 20 seconds each. Tomi, let's start with you. What do you do in these cases when it's he said, she said. And then it becomes he said versus she said, she said, she said. How do people -- I think it's important for people to know truth. How do you get to the truth?
Jessica. Twenty seconds.
Hollywood, the music industry, the casting couch.
Understood.
Thank you both for being with us. I appreciate it.
Thank you, Tomi.
All right. When we come back, Hillary Clinton is feeling the heat. She is lashing out at the possibility. We have breaking news tonight, special counsel to investigate her corrupt Uranium One deal. Sebastian Gorka, Peter Schweizer are here.
Also, later, we'll show you the most insane fake news report from CNN in their history. And that says a lot. Straight ahead.
Really. Hillary talking about the rule of law and a possibility that a special counsel to investigate her role, and that whole corrupt Uranium One deal. She is obviously getting nervous. Here more with reaction, author of the bestselling book "Clinton Cash." Really? We're getting a lecture on the rule of law? I watch people now assail you even the Trump crowd is now trying to come to the defense I noticed of Hillary Clinton. I want to give you a chance to explain to people all of the connections here. I will hand it to you.
What is the time line on that?
We had Putin bad actors in the United States. Mueller was the FBI Director. Eric Holder was one of the nine signing off on the deal. Committee. Then you have bribery extortion, kickbacks, money laundering, and racketeering. Mueller had to know. A FBI informant. Four years informant, then he got tapes, documents, e-mails firsthand account. Putin was using, breaking all of the laws to get a foothold in the uranium market they knew in 2009.
All right. Peter, we will stay in on this. And by the way the FBI informant, we are just talking about, his name was revealed today, we have John Solomon and Sarah Carter coming, thank you Peter. Here now with reaction to all of that. Fox news national security strategist, former deputy assistant to the president, Dr. Sebastian Gorka, Dr. Gorka you respond to that we import uranium into the country. We now these things were happening and Putin built a network in the United States, why anyone would allow a foreign entity to have interest in uranium. We need more and have to import it. It never made sense, did it?
Let me dovetail to the issue of "Senator Grope," Al Franken and that disgusting picture. Your thoughts.
When you talk about a double standard all the years Democrats have bent over backwards, they had thread every need and skated every razor's edge so they could defend the Clinton's. There was in this sense, we knew there was collusion when Hillary stole the primary from Bernie. We knew there was media collusion to help Hillary to win. And that was proven. We knew that, via WikiLeaks. Here we are 30 years later. They did all the way up and through until last year's election. We have to wonder how do they hold the mantle in their minds when it's not accurate they're for women rights, gay and lesbian rights, freedom of religion. She takes money from those other countries. No word from Hillary today. Had a hit squad going out, there bimbo eruptions smearing all those women that did speak out. Your thoughts.
Dr. Gorka, thank you for being with us. When we come back you have heard about the FBI informant. The news media have now outed him. John Solomon and Sarah Carter is up next. You will see one of the most ridiculous reports on fake news CNN, you don't want to miss this straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity" as we reported last night, the Hill John Solomon out with another huge massive bomb shell story on the FBI's investigation and to Hillary Clinton's private email server. According to this report deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe issued an e-mail declaring the Clinton investigation has been given "a special status" and handled by a small team of high ranking FBI officials. There is more tonight on the Russian bribery case. Reuters now has released the name of the FBI informant. One that had the NDA lifted. John is also reporting that tonight the Democratic Senator from the state of California Dianne Feinstein wants to speak with him.
Joining us now, The Hill's John Solomon along with investigative reporter, Sarah Carter. I don't know where to begin. The fact that this informant's name was released. That is troublesome to me, but more troublesome, I will let you both address this. John, first, more troublesome is the fact their Justice Department is leaking, he doesn't have information when I know that is a lie.
You guys are going to be Woodward and Bernstein by the time this is all over. Sarah, let me get your take on this. You know who the FBI informant is. You both know. You have both talked to him. We know who the attorney is. How extensive, they're trying to down play what he has. How extensive is it and what do you think of the release of his name.
Four years an informant. He knew about the bribery, extortion, kickbacks and money laundering of Putin's agents if you will in the U.S.?
I guessing, John, at the end this FBI informant will be the hero that helps -- go ahead.
This is happening before signing off on Uranium One. They knew about bribery, extortion, kickback, money laundering before, they knew it was Putin and did it anyways. The Russians must think we're really dumb.
Wow, all right. We will get to the bottom of this. Let me go back to the story of McCabe. We had the tarmac meeting. We had Sarah, it's not an investigation it's a matter. The exoneration letters written beforehand. Now Andrew McCabe was given a special status. Is that equal justice under the law, Sarah? Special status, do I get special status when they investigate me?
Thank god for those few. John, don't think you slipped and passed me, when you are not catching it. You talked about next week and Monday. Don't think you're getting off the show without me asking you specifically where are you going with this next step? This is unpeeling the layers of an onion. And I think when we get to the core, it will be pretty rotten.
That Reuters -- the Justice Department leak was wrong?
Sarah?
Let me go back to the Russian dossier. Sarah I will stick with on this, this is another matter, we had been all over the email server, and I think this will all come back into play. The Russian dossier we know that Hillary bought and paid for this will Michael Steele and we know that I was false. And we know that is salacious and yet they ran with it to influence an election. Here is my question. They look at Trump-Russia collusion and they have nothing. Even the Manafort indictment is nothing related to this. And you have Hillary paying a guy, flying from Russia, why is that not investigated by Robert Mueller, Sara?
What about Session's testimony this week about the special council, reaching the standard?
All right guys. We are looking forward to that report on Monday. Thank you for being with us. You will see the most insane ridiculous fake news by liberal CNN. You don't want to miss it, next.
All right. Welcome back to Hannity. Before we go tonight. We wanted to share something with you. On this show we repeatedly expose fake news, liberal's CNN's ridiculous coverage of President Trump. Tuesday night they put out one of their dumbest reports yet. Anchor Errol Barnett actually aired the segment about how the inside of a dog's ear look like President Trump's face. Wow this is CNN, watch.
You can't make this up. Now, what's worse? That report or when this is CNN reported that President Trump likes two scoops of ice cream and only gives his guests one. You decide. Unfortunately, that is all the time we have left this evening. This show is not the mainstream left wing biased destroy Trump media. We are fair and balanced. Thanks for being with us.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 129  ***************************************************
 Now, Miss Danley's lawyer explained that she traveled to the Philippines to visit her family, the lawyer said that Paddock bought her that ticket and explained why he wired money days before the shooting. Let's listen to this.
Now Danley's family is also speaking out. They are saying that Paddock may have sent her out of the country to hide these horrific plans. Now, here is what her sisters had said earlier today. Take a look.
Now this is a very interesting development. And it appears that Miss Danley could be the key to this entire investigation. Because we don't know a whole lot about the main suspect, Stephen Paddock. He's like a ghost. He doesn't have a criminal record. And there doesn't appear to be any red flags in his past.
Our own Adam Housley will join us later tonight with more details on where the investigation stands. Also, President Trump as I mentioned was in Vegas earlier today, he visited with victims in the hospital from Sunday's horrific attack. He also took time to honor all of the first responders who put themselves at great risk in order to protect their fellow Americans. Watch this.
You will meet some of those heroes right here on this program tonight. The president is right. The bravery of those who do put their lives in danger, the first responders, it exemplifies everything that is great about this country. And earlier today, President Trump also called for unity. Watch this.
Now the president rightly, he's trying to bring the country, bring Americans together. But as we have been highlighting over the past couple of nights, you have people on the left, you have Democrats, the mainstream media. Of course they don't do their jobs. Celebrities, late-night comedians, all instantaneously and impulsively politicizing this tragedy in every way possible.
Now, the left in this country, they waited mere hours before they started playing this game of theirs in playing politics. Hillary Clinton is one of the leading voices in this left-wing political crusade exploiting a tragedy. Don't believe me? Listen to her.
Democratic politicians and their best friends in the liberal media are also out in full force. They want gun control and they want it now. Watch this.
And late-night comedian Jimmy Kimmel, he continues to try to blame the Second Amendment supporters for what happened in Vegas. By the way, Jimmy, how many security guards surround you when you are in front of a crowd every night? Take a look.
We'll talk about it tonight. And you're free to talk about anything you want. But you might learn facts, we will educate you about the facts that you may not hear in your liberal bubble out here in Hollywood. The left in this country so often feigning moral outrage and using victims to try and to make a point about gun control because their political position is not backed up by facts.
Liberals keep asking, "Well, why can't we have a discussion?" Let's have the discussion with truth, information, facts and data that the media will never tell you about in this country. Democrats say gun control leads to less violence? Well, if that's the case, then I would like them to explain why cities with the highest murder rates in this country, with the strictest gun control in this country, that have run by Democrats for decades in this country, let's look at the numbers.
For example, murder rate in 2016, all these cities have Democratic mayors and have been run by liberals for years. Yet when you look, their crackdowns on the Second Amendment have done nothing to stop the violence. Liberals, they also don't want you to know about these shocking statistics. For example, during the Obama presidency, over 3,900 murders in his adopted hometown of Chicago.
We ran the names once on this program while everybody else ignored it. More than 18,000 people in Chicago who were shot only during the last six years of Obama's presidency. I only heard Obama talk about it, what, two, three, four times max, during his presidency? Did you remember hearing people on the left speaking out about this out-of-control violence happening day in and day out in the City of Chicago? I don't remember.
Now, there's a lot of hypocrisy going on about this issue. And we also have some charts provided to us by John Lott, Jr., he is the President of Crime Prevention Research in that center. He's an expert on the issue. He'll join us in a few minutes tonight. Now, look at this chart about the Chicago murder rate. Now relative to the other nine largest U.S. cities, the yellow vertical line that you see there indicates when they ban handguns.
And as you can see, after gun control over the years, the murder rate went up. Now the same goes for Washington, D.C., as John Lott's research shows D.C.'s murder rate is relative to the other 48 large U.S. cities excluding Chicago, went up after they ban handguns. We also have examples from foreign countries in case you are interested. Remember after Great Britain, they banned handguns. The homicide rate spike and then slowly began to go down, only slowly.
And here is another example from Ireland after that country passed gun control legislation. The murder rate actually increased. And then there's Jamaica, look at how the murder rate also increased after they put gun control in place. There is also this revealing statistic out of France. They have some of the strictest gun control laws on the planet. And France has had more casualties from public shootings in 2015 than during the entire Obama presidency.
And finally, the left, they love to say that people -- giving people the right to carry does not prevent crime. But the figures, the truth, the data it shows otherwise. Let's take a look. This chart shows violent crime before and after right to carry laws were enacted in the United States. And as you can see, having more citizens that are armed leads to a decrease in violent crime. Those are the facts. Here's another graphic on murder rates before and after right to carry laws were put into place. Now also, the U.S. murders have plunged as a result. And as John Lott, Jr. points out, as more people in fact carry guns, you can see further drops in both of those statistics.
Now this is why this show isn't, will never be like the rest of the mainstream media. We actually care about truth, about facts. The left? They don't believe in your right as the American people to be responsible, that you have the right to defend yourself, your children and your home, in your community.
They only seem to believe in big government, not the individual, which is why they try to exploit these tragedies and rush to judgment to push what is a radical, rigid, leftist agenda that infringes on your constitutional rights even though it is not supported by data, not supported by facts. It is beyond shameful.
Another question. How many of these celebrities, how many of this late-night comedians, how many of these politicians, oh, when they go out in public, how often do they have armed guards with them or body guards with them? Really? The rest of us, most Americans, they can't afford that.
Joining us now with reaction, president of the Crime Prevention Research Center, John Lott. And Fox News legal analyst Bob Massi. John, I'll start with you. You provided a lot of this research. How many years have you been investigating more guns and less crime? And I know you have many variations of your book that has come out.
All right. When you say this, it's almost like it's Alka-Seltzer in water. You say, if there's more guns, if more people have a right to carry, if people have a right to defend themselves, oh, there's going to be less crime. And in a liberals mind, they say that's just impossible, that's illogical. Explain why in fact your data proves that to be true?
You know, Bob Massi, in a certain extent, this is common sense. Now, we have these school shootings -- no gun zones. We've had a lot of the shootings that have taken place that we have covered. No gun zones. Gun free zones.
We keep talking about it. Now, San Bernardino, I brought this up as an example. Let's put Vegas aside for a minute.
San Bernardino, school shooting. The guys drops the clip, how many times do we hear that, to reload? Are the people safer if there is somebody trained in the use of a firearm? I've always said schools ought to hire retired military or police.
Obama ignored Chicago. All right. So, in the information we got from the President just earlier. All right. So, it seemed like the shooter who seems like a ghost in many ways --
All right. So, we have long distance rifles, he had modified them but he also had handguns. It seems like you probably wanted to escape and get away would be my assumption.
Big time.
Okay. John, let me ask you. We heard about tannerite. And I have one shooter on this. Very explosive. I have somebody that was on the terrorist task force here in Vegas. He said if, in fact, you have 20 or 30 pounds of this and you set it up right and you fire a gun at it, it would be like napalm in the neighborhood. What can you tell us about that?
It would be like napalm.
That was dropped into a crowd.
I'm up on a break, John.
Click on the gun free zone. Real quick.
Sick and evil as that is. I've got to run. But I asked all these people, what are they going to do if somebody breaks into their house?
How are they going to defend themselves?
Would you rather be trained in the use of firearms to protect your young children? I would. Don't take away our rights to defend ourselves when you have armed security guards and security guards that surround you everywhere you go because you are famous.
Bob, I'm so sorry for what happened in this town.
Great people here. Thoughts and prayers are with you.
All right. When we come back, you will going to meet a husband, his wife died in his arms. Sunday night at this Las Vegas shooting. And you will hear stories of heroism that will literally open your heart as we continue from Vegas.
Welcome back to "Hannity." We're broadcasting live. We are in Las Vegas tonight. Joining us now, Tony Burditus is with us. His wife Denise died in his arms Sunday night after the gunman opened fire. Also with us is Kelly Huff and her daughter Cassidy Huff. Cassidy battling cancer, finished chemo treatments just prior to attending the concert the other night. As she was running, she was helped off by police, off duty officers when she became too weak to run after the shooting started.
By the way, thank you all for being with us. Really, really appreciate it. Tony, you were married 32 years.
And you have two kids. Tell us what happened -- and your wife died in your arms.
How close was she to you when this happened?
Next to you.
She was struck in the head?
It's unfathomable to me. I mean, we had John Rich on the program. John, they're up stage. Remember, God bless America --
-- about an hour before.
Unbelievable. How's your family?
I'm so sorry. For all that you are going through and for all that you've been through. Cassidy, you are a young woman. He just finished your last chemo, when?
And you are just beginning to feel better?
And the concert was a big deal to you. You've been there before?
First time?
So the shooting breaks out, obviously chemo weakens everybody.
Tell us what happened. You started running.
Yes.
You are still recovering. I mean, you have been through a very tough treatment. And I know people at home who want to know, you do have a pretty good prognosis right now.
And so far scans are clean?
Mom, a bunch of people came over to your daughter, I'm calling you mom, Kelly, I am sorry. Off-duty police officers, it's tough to carry a kid. Tell us what they did for your daughter.
Wow! Did you get a chance to talk to him again?
It is very hard I guess for all of you. Here we are on TV. I do for four hours on air every day. The country races into a big debate over gun control. You lost your wife. When you hear that and maybe juxtapose it behind with the President said, what's the right thing for the country and how to handle that?
That is the thing. When something's happening, you want those officers -- if it's close quarters in situation like San Bernardino or they drop their clip or any of these other instances, there's somebody there that can help. Amazing people. Listen, what you want to be when you get older?
Wow. Inspired by the nurses? You are in our prayers. Thank you for coming by. Our thoughts and prayers. I'm so sorry. I really am.
32 years.
Ma'am, this is a special girl. God bless you. When we come back a, more "Hannity." right after this, from Vegas.
That was more from President Trump earlier today praising all of these brave first responders for their actions, during this Las Vegas massacre. We are now able to literally -- able to see law enforcement, what they faced Sunday during the horrific shooting, through their body cam footage that was released by the Las Vegas metro police. Look at what these officers, next time there's an incident, are we going to give these guys the benefit of the doubt, the presumption of innocence until they are proven guilty? Look at what they go through every day.
Joining us now with reaction Fox News Senior Correspondent Adam Housley and 23 year veteran of the Vegas police department, Randy Sutton. Good to see you my friend.
You saw the body cam. It brings those of us that maybe don't understand what police officers go through every day up close and personal. That is the real deal.
I mentioned San Bernardino. Let's put Vegas aside. Some of the school shootings where they are firing and firing, the clip, they drop it and reloading. I know so many people want to take away people's rights to keep their arms and carry weapons. We showed the statistics. If I am in a room and this guy dropped his clip and someone in that room has a weapon and is trained in the use of that weapon, I want them there because they can save the rest of the rooms life.
We want that. I want a former military -- a former police officer in every school in the country. Gun free zones. How will about we make it safety zones? If someone gets in there, at least we have a fighting chance to get people like this -- that would bring evil.
You've been investigating all day. What do you got?
Like the dispatch audio is going up against a machine gun.
They were there in 11 minutes.
You are a reporter. I know because we are friends and we stay in touch with each other, I've never seen a case like this -- where it's like we are dealing with a ghost. Something isn't right. We don't know what it is. I don't know if it's connected to the girlfriend and I'm not going to speculate like others in the media. There is something really off here.
I talked to the shooter's brother today. He says he has no idea.
We will watch. You are a hero.
Thank you for what you're doing. When we come back, you're going to meet real heroes. Two doctors, over 500 people had to treat these victims of this shooting. Their stories are unbelievable. We continue tonight from Vegas.
That was the president earlier today praising the actions of all the doctors who worked to save the lives of the hundreds of shooting victims on Sunday. Joining us now is Clark County fire department chief Greg Castle, he was at the scene of the shooting. And also with us two doctors Scott Scherr and Dr. Kevin Menes both helped patients wounded by the gunman. Guys, you are amazing heroes. How many patients did you guys see as this was unfolding?
How many may have died without the care you are offering?
And you practice for this like twice a year?
Amazing. Doctor, I know, by the way all the law enforcement guys love you because you work with law enforcement and you've helped them a lot. Tell us about that dreadful time for you.
It sort of like a war zone. You have to prioritize the severity of the injuries and he you went through that process?
I have a lot of friends that are doctors. I know you're thinking I've got to get this dad home, this kid to their parents. Does that go through your mind or you cannot go there?
He is the fire chief. It's an honor to meet all you guys. You were there as that is happening. These guys come you try to get them to the hospital as fast as possible. This reminds me of 9/11. I was in New York on 9/11. This reminds me of all hands on deck. I know you must be so proud of your team.
You are now the head of the department. You've known these guys or you know the people at the hospital.
Look, we sometimes throw around the word "hero," all of you, what you did for their people in the hour of need, we are a grateful nation. We have people with the skill that you guys have and the courage to work under such heavy pressure, under fire like that. Thank you all for what you did. Really appreciate it. thank you all. When we come back, we are to talk about how this is being politicized. Kaya Jones, Tomi Lahren straight ahead from Vegas.
Welcome back to "Hannity." We continue from Vegas and joining us now, Fox News contributor Tomi Lahren and recording artist who is on stage an hour before this all happened, Kaya Jones, is with us. You know all this celebrities, Hollywood, celebrities, congressmen, politician (inaudible) this before bodies were even cold. OK. I understand we should have passionate debate. I lay things out tonight. Most of those people live in big, fat, gated communities. They have security systems that are the envy of the world. They go out in public and they have bodyguards, some armed and some not. Jimmy Kimmel has how many security guards in his studio every night? I will take a bet on that in case oh, somebody rushes the stage during the taping. What about the rest of the country that wants to protect themselves in an evil and dangerous world?
San Bernardino, they dropped the clip and reloaded. That is called an opportunity to save lives.
The UNLV hockey coach, his dad was here -- he was shot in the chest. God forbid someone breaks into your house, you have your wife, kid, girlfriend, whoever is there, they break it they are armed. By the very nature, criminals don't obey laws. What would you do to protect your family?
And then they have this tannerite, this compound that is like napalm. If you have evil intentions in your heart --
You will find a way.
They hate our opinions. What's the net result? This guy got checks. If we could improve the system so mentally ill people don't get a hold of guns, I am for improvements that are common sense but also support our constitutional rights and law-abiding citizens to protect themselves and their families. They will find other ways to kill us.
Like we are seeing in Europe's.
I've carried a gun my entire adult life.
Don't you find there is something off?
Our thoughts and prayers with all of your friends that live here and all the trauma they had suffer.
We have to pray for the family. They are suffering.
All right. That is all the time we have left for this evening. Thank you both for being with us. As always thank all of you. We will not be the mainstream media. Fair and balanced. This is not left-wing radical ideological news. Brian Kilmeade is next live and we will leave you with this powerful moment of the crowd, one hour, kaya was on stage singing, "God Bless America" with Big and Rich.

show#: 130  ***************************************************
 Hang on! Isn't this guy -- wasn't he once suspected of lying to Congress?
Also remember this, Paul Manafort was wiretapped at Trump Tower, according to these reports. But guess what? Clapper is now singing a very different tune, admitting that communications from Trump himself -- all right, then a candidate, and then of course the president-elect -- may have been captured by the surveillance! Watch what he said last night.
Now, we'll have more on this later tonight. Jay Sekulow and Sharyl Attkisson -- remember, she was spied on also.
But first here, the American people have been lied to. You've been lied to repeatedly. And nobody on the left, no one in the mainstream media seems to care.
Now, let's talk about the Russia collusion investigation for a minute. Now, it's become very evident that Mueller and his team are hell-bent -- in my opinion -- they want to indict Paul Manafort and possibly even retired lieutenant general Michael Flynn. Mueller is on a witch hunt, and by the way, the media is helping him every day build this into a feeding frenzy.
This week, The Washington Post -- you know, they have so many false reports -- they reported on an email exchange between Manafort and a Russian billionaire, where Manafort actually offered to give the businessman briefings related to the campaign, the 2016 campaign. Now, a Manafort spokesman called the email exchange innocuous, and when you read the words of the actual exchange, he's right.
Manafort has been very open about his past international business dealings. So it wouldn't be a shocking revelation that he would have routine contact with a businessman. How are things going in the campaign? Wow. It could have been as innocent as that. Do we believe that you're innocent until proven guilty in this country? You wouldn't know it by watching the mainstream media.
Then the report even goes on to admit that there's zero evidence that these briefings even ever took place. That's what they're reporting. So what you have here in my opinion is contact, it's not collusion. And until evidence is provided, you have to assume that it was just contact.
Then you have retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn. Now, he has served his country with honor and distinction in the U.S. Army for over three decades. Does he deserve the presumption of innocence?
Now, he has been subjected to unmasking. He has even had his private phone conversations with a Russian diplomat -- well, that was leaked to the press. And that is a felony. That is a crime. That is a violation of the Espionage Act. In fact, it's the only crime we know for sure that was committed in the 11 months about talking about this. And as I've said multiple times on this program, if there is actual proof, hard evidence of collusion, please show us. We will report it right here on this program.
Here's another interesting fact we learned this week. Fox News also reporting that Mueller's team interviewed the Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who happens to be the guy that appointed Robert Mueller. He's his boss. About what? The Russia investigation. Can anybody say conflict of interest? And remember Comey leaked to The New York Times for the purpose of his friend Mueller to become the special counsel.
Here's why all of this matters. It has now become evident, now more than ever, that in America, we have a two-tiered justice system in this country. You, the American people -- you are being fed garbage, lies, half-truths on a daily basis. You are being betrayed by these institutions that are supposed to protect you and be honorable, and in the case of the Justice Department, carry out the rule of law. You should be disgusted. I am. There are real crimes with real evidence of real collusion that is being ignored by the media, Robert Mueller, and even at this point, the Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
For example, an investigation needs to be opened into this unmasking and leaking intelligence scandal. Why was Samantha Power, the U.N. representative, unmasking all the names of these people leading up to the election, nearly one a day? Well, was it politically motivated? Seems to me like it's a very good possibility. Was she weaponizing intelligence in an election year to go after an opposition candidate?
And then you have former Obama national security adviser Susan Rice. And according to other reports, she also was responsible for rampant unmasking requests in 2016, including the identities of multiple Trump officials, senior officials.
And then you've got Ben Rhodes, close former aide to President Obama. And according to more reports, the House Intelligence Committee is looking to his requests for unmasking Americans. Then, of course -- you want real crimes? Look at the Clintons. Hillary actually committed felonies, real crimes, and was directly involved in serious scandals. Where are these investigations? Like when she and her aides -- oh, they destroyed State Department emails? That would be a crime. They were subpoenaed at the time. Then acid washed and BleachBit the servers and then cell phones smashed with hammers? That sounds like obstruction.
Don't forget she signed off -- you want a Russia collusion story? -- on a deal that gave up to 20 percent of America's uranium to a Russian company that donated up to $145 million to the Clinton Foundation, the people involved in that deal? Anyone hear the words bribery, paid to play?
And who can forget the time Bill Clinton secretly meets with the attorney general at the time, Loretta Lynch, on an airport tarmac only days before the FBI's conclusion of its investigation into Hillary Clinton's server. Why isn't that being investigated? Where's the outrage in the media in this country?
What about the investigation into the DNC server hack, and why didn't the DNC -- why wouldn't they hand over their computers that got hacked to the FBI and why did the FBI let them get away with it? And according to Comey's testimony, the bureau was only given access to forensic forms because the DNC would rather hire other people.
And speaking of DNC emails, if you're so concerned about Russia collusion and you want the truth, why haven't you reached out to Julian Assange of WikiLeaks? He knows where it came from, and he says it wasn't Russia, and he told me back in January it was not a state party as the source of the email hack. They're not speaking to Julian Assange.
And speaking of Mueller, what about his conflicts of interest? Eight of the 60 members on Mueller's team made political donations to Obama, Clinton and Democrats? And that only the start of it. Mueller, Comey, best friends? And as Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett continues to point out, that relationship could be a violation of two laws.
Then you have Comey -- he may have broken the law, drafting memos on government computers, removing those documents from the FBI. Comey admitted under oath that he has his friend leak the contents of the memos to The New York Times in hopes that a special counsel would be appointed. And it was.
And we can't forget about Comey testifying that Loretta Lynch pressured him to call the investigation a matter. And he took the talking points as his own. Where's the investigation into possible Ukrainian election interference? Politico reports back in January, "Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump backfire: Kiev officials scrambling to make amends with president-elect after quietly working to boost Clinton." Wow!
There also needs to be investigations into the disturbing amount of deep state leaks. Senate report, almost a leak a day in the beginning of the Trump presidency. That's insanity, and it's illegal!
So it's becoming a clear and present danger not only to the president but to people around him, but to the country, to the Constitution, to the rights -- our Fourth Amendment rights to privacy. Really? Where's the DOJ? When are they going to crack down on these leaks? Anybody care about Debbie Wasserman Schultz, her former IT staffer and that scandal? Where's the special counsel there? Why did the former DNC chair keep him on the payroll? He had double-billed with everything else we just laid out here.
This is the danger. It is clearly in America today a two-tiered justice system, and that's sad, that's real, that's scary. How can we believe in equal justice under the law? This is now becoming beyond a constitutional crisis, in my opinion.
Joining us now, New York Times best-selling author of "Understanding Trump," former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich. He also has a new on- line course called Defending America.
I -- you're laughing.
Mr. Speaker, it's 24/7. Everybody wants Paul Manafort indicted. It's, like, they want Paul -- but they really want the president. For them, Paul Manafort is just collateral damage. Here's the issue that really bothers me. You're right about the Republicans. You're right these investigations -- they're not happening, though. The deputy attorney general didn't appoint a special counsel here. I don't know what the attorney general is doing, Jeff Sessions.
But there is to me a sense of -- OK, if we're going to go after Paul Manafort and you're going to go after a 30-year career military person like General Flynn, maybe you need to go after everybody else because the evidence against Hillary alone, the questions about unmasking and surveillance leaks alone render a threat to the 4th Amendment to the Constitution, and I don't see it!
I've lost faiths in all these institutions. Add (ph) the media to the list. Have you?
Yes, he did.
It sounded very Clintonian. Mr. Speaker, we got a lot more to get to. We need to talk to you next about health care straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So the GOP effort to finally repeal and replace, or at least on some level "Obama care" continues. Senator Lindsey Graham -- he stopped by my radio show yesterday to talk about the latest health care bill amendment. Take a listen to this.
Rand Paul was on yesterday. His biggest complaints are this. It doesn't repeal "Obama care" and the taxes stay. Is that true?
All right, back with us, former speaker of the House, FOX News contributor Newt Gingrich is with us. All right, Mr. Speaker, it's not pure federalism, but as conservatives, we -- I think governors -- legislators, state legislators, are going to be more responsible to the people in their state than the federal government, and I think they'll get a lot more bang for their buck. In principle, I like it. There's a few things I want to make sure happens. California is going bankrupt now. When they misappropriate their -- misappropriate their money, they can't come back hat in hand begging all these red states that came up with great innovative ideas and manage the money well and say, Give us more, we screwed it up. I'm afraid that'll happen.
I hope so. I still want to see some of the language, as I'm sure you probably do. And I think everybody needs to see the language so we know exactly what we're getting into. There's always those Washington, D.C., swamp surprises that the public finds out later. We don't need to pass the bill to find out what's in it, which I know you would agree with.
Here's the thing. We've got four senators we're watching very closely. One is Lindsey Graham's best friend, John McCain. What's he going to do? What's Lisa Murkowski, what's Susan Collins going to do? You know, what are some of these other senators going to do?
All right, Mr. Speaker, appreciate you being with us. That course you have is up on Hannity.com for people if they want to take a look at it about national defense. Good to see you, sir.
And when we come back, you don't want to miss Sharyl Attkisson. Guess what? Obama spied on her. She and Jay Sekulow straight ahead.
All right, so the Obama administration, their spying scandal continues to grow. Yesterday Sharyl Attkisson wrote an op- ed in The Hill entitled "It looks like Obama did spy on Trump just as he apparently did me." As we told you earlier in the program, sources telling Fox News the former U.N. ambassador Samantha Power was unmasking Americans almost one a day.
Joining us now with reaction is the author of "The Smear," the host of "Full Measure," Sharyl Attkisson, and from the American for Law and Justice and President Trump's attorney Jay Sekulow. Sharyl, I just want to hand it to you because you are right, it did happen. This unmasking at a level we never even imagined before. I want people to hear your story because this is so important.
Jay Sekulow, this is not the country that I know with Fourth Amendment protections against unreasonable search and seizure. That sounds to me like the weaponizing of the tools of intelligence to attack people they don't like or political opponents.
So if Samantha Power, Susan Rice, Ben Rhodes, and again, in the case of Samantha Power, unmasking a person a day, when does that become the role of U.N. ambassador? That's beyond bizarre and that's unprecedented and that raises questions this was all political. But here's my question. With all the nonstop chatter in the media about Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia. It's clear they have now got a big target on Paul Manafort, for example. But then you have got all those people unmasking, surveillance, intelligence leaking, a crime. You've got all of Hillary Clinton's felonies. We've been over this many, many times. They've you've got a leak in a day. Then you've got Mueller and Rosenstein and Comey. Where is the congress? Where is the special counsel. What is the attorney general doing here? And shouldn't he be playing a big role in investigating what seems to be real crimes and maybe constitutional violations like in the case of Sharyl?
Sharyl, I've had good people in the intelligence community that told me I was unmasked. I've never been able to corroborate that. I have no idea if that's ever happened. I'm watching what happened to you, and you can give dates and times. What recourse as a citizen with constitutional rights do you have because you can prove your case?
We will continue our investigation. Thank you both. Wow. Scary. Lou Dobbs is next.
That was the president earlier today announcing a new executive order on North Korea. Joining us now with his reaction, FOX Business anchor -- number one in business for how many years?
Lou Dobbs. The president had a huge success today, and that is that he got the Chinese to do something we wanted them to do, and that is, now they are involved.
They've been starving their own people for years.
We read a story this week about the persecution and murder that Kim Jong-un is doing against its own people. Now that China and banks halt business, and now that the president is also calling on other nations to do the same, how much pressure does this put on North Korea? Does that stop him?
What do you make at the hysterical media reaction, that they are more angry at the term "Rocket man" than they are the guy that is creating such destabilization, firing rockets over Japan, our ally, threatening Guam, our territory, and intercontinental ballistic missiles could hit New York City and Boston?
If this is not an abject lesson of bribery of dictators does not work, and I believe we will be in the same position a few years from now with Iran because that is not going to work either.
While I've got you here, I want to pick your economic mind for a minute and I want to talk about Graham-Cassidy. Here's the starting point which I'm trying to explain to people. When you have 100 Republicans that have no intention of keeping their word and seven senators have voted in 2015 to repeal but had intention to do it when it mattered, it puts everybody in a difficult spot. They did want to keep their word and repeal and replace Obamacare. As a conservative I love the idea of federalism. This is not pure federalism.
OK, love the idea. I want to see the bill first. But when California goes single-payer and they misappropriate the funds and they are out of money, they can't come back at hat in hand to Kentucky and all these red states whose governors will come up with creative solutions for health care. That's my fear.
It's 13.5 percent State income tax.
Block grants.
Would you if you were a senator?
You would not.
Good to see her, Lou Dobbs.
When come back, "Hannity" shoot-out. Tomi Lahren and Jessica Tarlov, that's straight ahead.
That was the first lady, Melania Trump, speaking at the U.N. yesterday about cyber-bullying. So how did the left and liberals react? They attacked the first lady online. One person tweeted, "Just watched Melania Trump's speech. For some reason it made me think of the blueberry girl from "Willy Wonka," whatever that means. And during an interview Hillary Clinton even took a shot at the first lady for not doing enough. Really?
Joining us now, Fox News contributors Tomi Lahren and Jessica Tarlov. You know if this ever happened -- when we criticize Michelle Obama, conservatives, when she injected herself into politics and said for the first time in my adult life I am out of my country, the left went nuts. They made fun of Melania's shoes which she wears to the hurricane Harvey aftermath. Where is your side defending women here?
Hillary Clinton didn't.
Really. Are you that humorless?
There's pictures about me. It's funny.
Tomi gets hit harder than me. Tomi, you just don't do what the left does. Conservatives wouldn't do it, and if they did do it, they'd be ridiculed and raked over the coals.
Stop it. Stop.
One at a time. Tomi?
Can I just say this. You attacked Kellyanne Conway.
For you to say she doesn't advocate for women, she is the first woman to ever win a national campaign as a campaign manager.
Because she's pro-life.
The point is, why are you attacking her?
Women who are strong and independent.
Tomi, what's anti-woman about Trump's agenda?
Are you so sensitive, the people on the left? Did you ever hear the sticks and stones things? You know what, liberals are vicious to conservatives constantly.
So call out your site appear
Thank you both. More "Hannity" next.
Unfortunately, that is all the time we have left this evening. Don't forget, starting Monday we are back to our old time slot, 9:00 p.m. eastern. There are liberals that do not want us to succeed, so we want your help.
Anyway, this show will always be fair and balanced, will never be the establishment, destroy-Trump media. Thank you for being without us. We'll see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 131  ***************************************************
 That is a simple, basic fundamental truth that liberals refuse to face. James Comey was shown the door. He did not do his job.
Now, Comey failed you, remember this, the American people. He disrespected the Constitution. He made a mockery out of the rule of law and equal justice under the law. He sat on his hands while your 4th Amendment privacy rights were being trampled on. And he created most dangerously a two-tiered justice system, one for Bill and Hillary Clinton and one for everybody else.
Now, that man's conduct was and is shameful and inexcusable. In fact, it's why not that long ago, Democrats were calling for Comey's head. This is the funny part. They're now suffering a massive case of selective amnesia and are feigning moral outrage. Well, we're going to show you examples of that stunning hypocrisy in just a second.
But first, I want to highlight how facts do not matter to the left in America today. For example, the destroy Trump media, they've has been going insane and ballistic and running wild with the most absurd kinds of conspiracy theories over why Comey was fired. This is insanity on display representing itself as news! Watch this.
Saturday night massacre? Whiff of fascism, NBC News? This is beyond outrageous, but it's not surprising.
Now, the liberal media, they want to destroy President Trump. They want him out of office. Now they will do and say anything to make that happen. Now, keep in mind, the destroy Trump media, they're the same people it was proven colluded with Hillary Rodham Clinton during her campaign, and of course, they tried to help her win the White House.
Now, they ignore the fact that Hillary Clinton -- look at your screen! They broke multiple laws! Right there, you can see them. Having a private email server that contained secret -- top-secret, special access programs, classified information. Now, we're the only ones really in the media that told you the truth about the Clintons while the rest of the media covered it all up and colluded.
And one more thing about the destroy Trump media. They have been lying -- lying! -- for months to the American people about this Trump-Russia fake news talking point. And they're continuing it even still!
There is zero evidence so far that Donald Trump -- his campaign, his transition ever colluded with the Russians. It is a bizarre conspiracy theory. And honestly, they have to know the truth but won't tell you the truth.
For example, the former director of national intelligence, James Clapper, has said many, many times he has seen no evidence of Russian collusion. Here's one example.
"Not to my knowledge, no evidence of collusion." Then, of course, you have the deranged Democrats. Now, they're pretending to be so outraged over Comey's firing and saying the most insane things. You talk about selective moral outrage? This is it on steroids. Take a look.
Now, this hypocrisy coming from the Democrats is off the charts even for their standards. Now, let me remind them all that it wasn't a very long ago, was it, when they were viciously attacking, oh, James Comey. Let's take a look.
"Of course. Yes."
Now, let me specifically remind "Crocodile Tears" Senator Chucky Schumer and what he said about James Comey just back in November, just days before the election. Quote, "I do not have confidence in him any longer. To restore my faith, I'm going to have to sit down and talk to him and get an explanation for why he did this."
Now, that's just more proof that Schumer, the Democrats, are full of it when it comes to James Comey. And on top of all of that, just last week, Hillary Clinton blamed James Comey for her election loss. I bet she's a big fan today. Watch this.
No.
But here's the point tonight: There is no getting through to these tinfoil hat conspiracy liberals on the left. They're detached from reality. They're oblivious to truth today. It's time to diagnose them with what it is, Trump derangement syndrome. And sadly, there's not a cure. That's the worst part. This will go on for four years, probably eight years.
Now, here with reaction is the host of "LevinTV" at CRTV network -- I call him "The Great One" -- Mark Levin, my friend.
All these analogies -- Watergate, Watergate, Saturday night massacre, whiff of fascism, the tinfoil hat conspiracy theories being spun, Russia, Russia, Russia -- no evidence of Russia, Mark.
One, tell us why this was necessary from your legal perspective. Two, how this hypocrisy and these conspiracies are actually really dangerous.
Mark...
Well said. Let's talk about this from the legal point of view. And you studied the Constitution your entire life. You were Ed Meese's chief of staff when he was the attorney general of the United States.
When we talk about, Mark, equal justice under the law, when we talk about a two-tiered justice system -- it is overwhelming and incontrovertible the evidence that Hillary Clinton violated numerous laws, committed numerous felonies. And that's just on the e-mail server scandal. The Iranian Uranium One deal in which you mention (ph), the Clinton Foundation, all the -- she signed off 20 percent of America's uranium going to Vladimir Putin - - now, there's a Russian conspiracy.
And then of course, General Flynn, the one law we know was broken was when this man was, OK, incidentally surveilled, but then unmasked. And then the surveillance leaked and his entire reputation destroyed. That's a felony under the Espionage Act.
For the average person that is maybe hearing some of these tinfoil hat conspiracy theorists, what does it mean to this country if we have a two- tiered justice system and we don't have equal justice under the law?
All right, we got to...
All right, Mark, a rare appearance. I ask all of Mark's fans to tell Mark, write Mark to come on the show more often. We love having you. Thank you, sir.
And on this busy breaking news night, up next tonight on "Hannity"...
The vice president, Mike Pence, forcefully defending President Trump's decision to fire James Comey. We'll check in with former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich. He's next.
And also tonight...
Late-night hosts -- they couldn't control their outrage after the president fired Comey. I'll explain, a mini monologue. We'll get reaction from Michelle Malkin, also Dr. Sebastian Gorka, Jay Sekulow, Geraldo Rivera on this busy breaking news night tonight on "Hannity."
That was the vice president, Mike Pence, earlier today defending President Trump's decision to fire James Comey.
Here now with reaction, the author of the soon to be released book, "Understanding Trump," former speaker of the House, FOX News contributor Newt Gingrich.
If it wasn't so serious, the bizarre tinfoil hat conspiracies -- they'd actually be funny. But it's now become more organic in spite of, as I pointed out in the last segment, Admiral Rogers and Clapper and so many others -- there's not a shred of evidence, not a shred!
So it would be funny...
You know, I'm sitting here...
The next phase of this is going to be -- and I'm expecting (ph) something profound and Martians. OK, Laura said last night, Cuckoo for cocoa puffs.
I got it. I understand. You know, I want to go to, though, Rod Rosenstein. I mean, here's a -- what was it, April 25th, 94 to 6, Democrats approved him. They loved him. He was appointed by Obama to I guess be the U.S. attorney in Maryland. And he and all of these other attorney generals during the Ford era, even -- even, for crying out loud, Eric Holder and others, all say the same thing, Mukasey and so many really smart attorney generals, deputy attorney generals from all these past administrations.
OK. So as the great historian that you are -- and this is your love and passion, and I've always felt you were more...
I'm not setting you up -- more professorial, you actually were a professor -- all of these analogies for Watergate -- Mark touched on it a little bit in the last segment -- they're so inadequate and false, and it's almost universal. And then it goes a little further and NBC with the "whiffs of fascism" comments -- do you want to just address that from a historical perspective, it's not the Saturday night massacre?
Yes.
All right, Mr. Speaker, thank you for being with us. And I really appreciate the Martian analogy. Why am I not...
I won't be shocked when it happens. I mean it. I really think it can happen.
That's correct. All right, sir. Thank you.
And up next on this busy breaking news night tonight here on "Hannity"...
All right, late-night hosts becoming unhinged after news breaking that President Trump fired James Comey. Now, we're going to tell you what they said. We'll get reaction. Michelle Malkin coming up.
Also the president calling out hypocritical opportunists in the Democratic Party who are now feigning outrage over Comey's firing. Dr. Gorka, and then later, Jay Sekulow, Geraldo Rivera stop by on this busy news night.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So last night after the president fired the FBI Director James Comey, America's liberal late-night hosts went into full on freak out mode, only the latest example that proves they are becoming totally unhinged. That's tonight's mini- monologue.
Nationally two of the most prominent late-night Trump haters, Jimmy Kimmel, Steve Colbert, they led the way but their biased coverage of Comey's firing. Watch Colbert's audience in particular.
I don't think the Colbert audience knew what side they supposed to be on.
If you think that's bad, it doesn't even begin to skim the surface of these constant one-sided, nightly, brutal, vile attacks on the president and his family beyond his policies. Of course every president since the beginning of modern late-night TV has been the butt of many jokes, but President Trump by far has had it worse than anybody. According to a George Mason University study, President Trump faced 1,060 late-night jokes during only his first 100 days, a number that Presidents Bill Clinton, George Bush, and Barack Obama didn't hit in their first entire year in office.
But it's not just the volume of anti-Trump jokes that is concerning. These unhinged late-night hosts have proven there are zero limits in the age of Trump, very different than the Obama years. They not only attack the president viciously, they are going after his wife, the first lady Melania Trump, his daughter, Ivanka, his 11-year-old son, female members of his staff that serve in his administration, like Kellyanne Conway.
Where is Hillary Clinton? Where are all the defenders of women's rights coming to their defense?
Joining us now, the host of "Michelle Malkin Investigates" on CRTV. You know, I won't mention Colbert from last week or -- Bill Maher is making incest jokes about the daughter of the president. Imagine in the error of Obama if that happened. What would be the reaction of the country?
Michelle, we've got to roll. Always good to see you and appreciate your insight and congrats on the new show.
When we come back, President Trump defends the firing of James Comey. Also, he's calling out the hypocritical people on the left, those that once brutalized and criticized the FBI director but are now hysterical he was let go, selective moral outrage. Dr. Gorka will join us with reaction.
And later, Jay Sekulow on the law, Geraldo Rivera, their insight, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So President Trump is of course defending his decision to fire James Comey. He sent out several tweets this morning, such as "The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey, including the fact that he should be fired, but now they play so sad. James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI. Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington, Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down they will be thanking me."
Here with reaction, deputy assistant to the president, Dr. Sebastian Gorka. And you said that the firing was an example of how decisive the president is. I would also argue the president was kind of fair and give him a pretty good shot in spite of obvious laws violated that he refused to pursue.
A stinging indictment.
He lays out the 13 minute case and he even admits extreme carelessness. The legal standard is gross negligence. What's the difference? Let me ask you this --
Yes, sir.
Let me ask this. Remember when the issue of Donald Trump taking on the leaks and intelligence issues, et cetera, which I think we are trampling on Fourth Amendment rights, and the numbers in this election season are almost triple what they normally would be. There better be a good excuse. I think there's going to be a lot of news on this as time unfolds.
Remember when Chuck Schumer said why take on the intelligence community? They'll get you six ways from Sunday. The deep state, in other words, those that might have leaks, not the good people that do the hard work every day of gathering intelligence to keep us safe -- is that the same with the FBI? Do we now have to worry deep state officials that gather intelligence are going to go after Americans and go after the president politically, or the FBI, some that don't like him might be leaking to hurt this president? Is that a fear?
Dr. Gorka, good to see you, and congratulation on your position, and we will have you back on national security issues soon.
When we come back, the White House does say that President Trump was thinking about firing Comey since the day he was elected. We will check in with Jay Sekulow, Geraldo Rivera. They are next with reaction.
That was White House Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders earlier today at the White House press briefing smashing all these leftwing tinfoil conspiracy talking points about President Trump and his firing of James Comey.
Here with reaction from the American Center for Law and Justice Jay Sekulow, Fox News senior correspondent Geraldo Rivera is with us. Jay, let me start with you on the issue of the law. We went through this all last night. There are so many issues, and if you just look at the Obama appointee, Rod Rosenstein and what he laid out, the office of the deputy attorney general, he's an Obama appointee. He's worked for Republicans and Democrats, 94 to six just April 25th. This is not a rightwing conspiracy. Everybody is wrong on the Nixonian comparisons here as we explained earlier.
Geraldo?
The Wall Street Journal said that.
But Jay, Obama did try to undermine Bibi Netanyahu and influence their elections.
Real quick, Jay.
All right, I've got to let you go.
Thank you both. I can't believe they are agreeing. This is history in the making. When we come back, an important "Question of the Day" as we continue. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 132  ***************************************************
 Honestly, I think liberalism has to be defeated. Socialism must be defeated in a political sense. This is not a -- we don't want a revolution in this country.
We do now.
And then we have angry snowflakes and then we've got a Democratic establishment. I say the press in this country is out to destroy this president.
We have to give some credit to the American people that they're somewhat intelligent and that they know the difference between an opinion show and a news show. You're not -- you're cynical. Look at you.
You think we're bad for America? You think I'm bad for America?
You do?
Really? That's sad, Ted.
That' sad.
You are selling the American people short.
I'm listening, with all due respect.
Wow! He's kind of calling me a liar. And then he's saying, "Well, you and all these opinion shows" -- he's giving his opinion! Only 70 seconds, that's it, ended up airing.
Now, I guess people like Ted Koppel feel you, the American people, can't distinguish between opinion and news. That's kind of like Obama, remember? He said people clinging to their God, guns and religion, or Hillary Clinton who said ignorant, irredeemable deplorables.
Now, beyond this interview being a total waste of my time, it is a flagrant example of what I call edited fake news. Now, remember, CBS News is the former home of Dan Rather. Remember? He was forced to resign after reporting an inflammatory fake news story about President George W. Bush. Rather used fake documents to bolster his story.
Now, CBS News is also the former home of Sharyl Attkisson. Remember? She there was marginalized at CBS and stonewalled, and they wouldn't show a lot of her investigative journalism into President Obama and his administration. Is that agenda-driven?
And now they produce a package taking shots at me all while prominently displaying their dishonesty, their bias and total hypocrisy here for every viewer to see!
Now, Ted's interview with me wasn't about substance. It wasn't about getting my real opinion. Now, the story was written long before he walked into this studio here at Fox. I was just used as a prop to advance his narrative, which is why only one minute and 10 seconds out of the 45 to 50 minutes was actually used! In other words, it was one minute, and that's the one minute that fit into their narrative.
That is edited fake news. By the way, other networks -- they play the same game and they have for many years. And now it's time to expose this for what it really is. And I have the ability to fight back. Cheap shot attacks in the name of, quote, "journalism," all to advance their biased agenda.
Now, what Ted was really asking is this: Are our opinion shows bad for America? He thinks they are. Meanwhile, Ted was giving his opinion. He considers himself an impartial journalist, yet in what CBS News was airing, he's doing exactly what he said is bad for America!
Now, right here on this show, on "Hannity," I expressed my opinion because I am a talk show host, an advocacy journalist, if you will. Ted Koppel? He thinks he's down the middle, fair and balanced, a real journalist.
Ted, you show in this clip you are not a journalist! You're very hypocritical here.
Now, have you ever said -- for example, you work for CBS, Dan Rather worked for CBS. Ted, did you ever say that George W. Bush, the attack by Dan Rather was bad for America? Did you ever say CBS, when they spiked Sharyl Attkisson's story, that that's bad for America? Did you ever wonder if the stories were spiked because the head of CBS News and that division, David Rhodes, happens to be the brother of Ben Rhodes, the high-ranking official for then President Obama? Is that a conflict of interest?
Now, I'm willing to look at my body of work and compare it with CBS News any day of the week. Did CBS News even one time ever ask President Obama about his relationship with an unrepentant terrorist, where he started his political career? Well, I did CBS's job. I did it for you, Ted.
Did you ever delve deep into what black liberation theology is and how it motivated President Obama, then candidate Obama, for over 20 years, the church Reverend Wright, the church of "G-d America," the church of "American chickens have come home to roost?"
Now, after eight years of Obama, did CBS ever show the numbers on the screen there about what a failure the Obama presidency was? Now, you know what? I put those up on the screen on a regular basis.
And by the way, Ted, I did mention this to you in the interview. All of these facts were given to you, but you edited it all out.
Did CBS ever put up all the laws that Hillary Clinton likely violated with her e-mail server scandal so she could avoid congressional oversight? Did CBS ever expose all the Benghazi lies of Hillary Clinton? We did on this program. Did CBS ever cover in great detail how members of the media colluded with the Clinton campaign in this election cycle? We did here. How much time did CBS devote to this phony Russian conspiracy story, even though after eight months, there isn't a shred of evidence?
Now, that's the difference, Ted, between me and you. I'm honest with my audience. I don't pretend that I'm fair and balanced and objective. You do. And if you really cared about truth in journalism, how can you work for a network that only tells one side of the story?
You know, how can I be bad for America when I'm offering the American people news and information nightly that your own network will not touch because they have an agenda?
Now, Ted, I happen to be very proud of the work I do both on radio and TV. I'm proud of the teams that we have built here that work really hard every day to bring this audience news and information that, well, frankly, the rest of the media ignores.
So I hope you enjoyed your press coverage this weekend and covering how bad I am for America while editing out 99 percent of what I said! But what you really did is prove my point, that I'm right. You exposed yourself as agenda-driven, opinionated, hypocritical, and you proved my point I've been saying since 2007-2008. Journalism is dead in America, and we have an information crisis in this country.
Now, Ted, if you and CBS and CBS News have the courage, release the entire unedited footage of the interview. Let America decide. Let America see the 99 percent that you didn't want to air.
Joining us now with reaction, "Michelle Malkin Investigates" on CRTV, Michelle Malkin. I'll tell you why they're not going to release the tape, Michelle, because -- so Ted asked the first question. I give the answer. And he -- None of that is going to air. That's what he says. I said, Well, why am I sitting here?
And then -- and then throughout the rest of the interview, I'm, like, provoking him. Ted, you -- Ted, you really need to include this part. You know, I'm, like, Are you going to cut this out, Ted? Are you going to cut this out? Ted, are you going to cut this out? Who does an interview and says, That's not airing? We're not going to air any of that. Well, then why am I here?
So that's why. They don't want people to see this fake -- what these networks do in edit rooms they've gotten away with for years. That's my point. I want to get yours.
You know...
You know, because they had a monopoly all these years. And by the way, this is not personal between Ted Koppel. I actually did it because...
I grew -- I loved when he was covering on "Nightline," "America Held Hostage" for 444 days. I don't think I missed an episode because I thought it was really imperative, important work. And then when those hostages were released, it was such a good moment for our country. So it's not personal.
The thing is, there's a level of sanctimony here that -- it reminds me of Obama clinging to Gods, guns, religion. It reminds me of irredeemable deplorables, that the American people are not smart enough to ascertain what is opinion and what is news.
I want to hear him say, Dan Rather is bad for America.
Do you think those words ever come flying out of his mouth? I doubt it. All right, thank you.
And up next tonight right here in "Hannity"...
All right, White House chief of staff Reince Priebus reacting to the Republican health care bill being pulled on Friday. Up next, we got reaction from Corey Lewandowski and Geraldo Rivera. Also tonight, Sheriff David Clarke, Larry Elder -- they weigh in on the Trump team being surveilled likely illegally.
Also, Ann Coulter and our delve into, you know, the dangers of spring break. That's back tonight.
All right, that was White House chief of staff Reince Priebus yesterday reacting to the Republican health care bill that was pulled late last week. Over the weekend, the president tweeted, quote, "Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club for Growth and Heritage have saved Planned Parenthood and ObamaCare."
Right.
Oh, boy. Come on.
Geraldo, let me say this...
All right, Geraldo...
Reince is right. No bill's going to be perfect. Nobody gets everything they want. But I -- I'll say this to you, and I'll bring Corey in here, as well. Had they built the consensus, Corey, before they rolled out the bill, they would have known the votes that they had.
And as hard as -- and by the way, the president gets all the credit. He did compromise. He tried to -- you know, he'd so something, but the freedom caucus and the moderates would leave. Then he'd do something for the moderates, the Freedom Caucus would leave.
This should have been handled by the speaker. This should have been handled by leadership. The president did way too much heavy lifting on this bill. He's the executive branch, they're the legislative branch, Corey.
This is going to get done, I am convinced. But Geraldo, all I'm saying is, you know, why did you set -- why did they set themselves up by keeping it hidden, not sharing it with any of the coalition, releasing it, creating a public civil war and a public fight when it should have been handled behind closed doors?
Those compromises could have been made, and I suggest, probably, this is the way it'll happen from here on in. Look, you cannot blame people if they have strong principles. Nobody wants this repeal and replace more than I do. I want the win for the president. He worked hard for this, and he'll get it. But I just think -- I -- I just -- you got to hand -- you got to have the leadership handle it better.
That's ridiculous.
They have to take care of...
It's meaningless if you don't pass it.
I am convinced this could be...
... Sean Hannity is saying this. Corey is right. Bring in all of these conservative think tanks, bring in the Senate because you have to deal with culture and the Byrd rule and reconciliation. Bring in all of the different factions, with the moderates and the Tuesday Group, the Study Group, the caucus. Everybody needs to get locked in a room and don't let them out until they fix it!
They owe it to the American people to fulfill that promise, and frankly, they owe it to the president to do their job.
All right, coming up, Sheriff David Clarke, Larry Elder -- they're up next to weigh in on the Trump campaign being surveilled.
And also later tonight...
Finally, the attorney general, Jeff Sessions, calling out cities to enforce the immigration law -- in other words, sanctuary cities. Ann Coulter will join us tonight with reaction.
And well, still to come tonight, we went down to South Padre Island, Texas, more shocking behavior. Is this dangerous for your children, spring break? We'll check in with Ainsley Earhardt. She has reaction straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So yesterday, Congressman Trey Gowdy called out Democrats for criticizing the House Intelligence Committee chairman, Devin Nunes, for briefing President Trump about his findings related to the Obama administration's collecting intel on the Trump transition team -- in other words, surveillance. Take a look.
And that's not all. Today, the Democrats -- they were up in arms because it was revealed that Chairman Nunes met with his source on the White House grounds. But in a statement for a spokesman for Chairman Nunes -- they explained, quote, "Chairman Nunes met with his source at the White House grounds in order to have proximity to a secure location where he could view the information provided by the source." Makes sense.
Joining us now with reaction, the author of the best-selling book, "Cop Under Fire," Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke and Salem nationally syndicated radio talk show host Larry Elder.
Larry, let me check in with your legal mind for a second. Can you think of any circumstances under which a president-elect or a candidate should ever be surveilled?
One of the things I think that bothered me the most is the chairman saying, sheriff, that this was widely disseminated. In other words, a lot of people saw this. That goes into the issue of privacy, even if it was legitimate surveillance. And I think that is a question that needs to be answered. Let's say it was legitimate surveillance and you pick up a president-elect or a candidate. That should never be widely disseminated, right?
I have a lot of questions here, Larry. Did they use under the guise of legitimate intelligence gathering, legitimate surveillance, was that a ruse to really surveil the president? And the next logical question after that is who knew what, where, and when? And did the president know at the time, then President Obama? Was any of that's shared with the Clinton campaign? Where are these leaks coming from?
The only felonies we know in this case were committed by leaking intelligence. That's a violation of the Espionage Act. So -- and James Comey wouldn't even acknowledge that there is an investigation into this although he did acknowledge the investigation into, quote, "Russia" even though there is no evidence that has been put forward whatsoever.
Sheriff, if you were doing an investigation, don't you keep that circle tight in terms of evidence that you are gathering? Isn't that the type of thing you would never let out, and if it was left out you would be able to very quickly determine who did it?
I agree with that analysis. And you never know. Maybe somebody will talk. All right, guys, thank you both.
Up next, tonight, right here on "Hannity."
The attorney general, Jeff Sessions, speaking about the need for sanctuary cities to abide by federal laws. Ann Coulter weighs in. That's coming up next.
And later, a "Hannity" investigation as we went down to South Padre Island in Texas to expose what's really going on with your kids at spring break. "Fox & Friends" co-host Ainsley Earhardt will join us with a full report about the dangers your kids are facing. That is straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So earlier today during the White House press briefing, U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions addressed sanctuary cities and the harm they have caused the country. Watch this.
Here with reaction, the author of the bestseller "In Trump We Trust, E Pluribus Awesome!" Ann Coulter. Why do I bet you don't care about the health care repeal and replace issue? You want immigration vetting of refugees -- those are your top issues and you think that should be the number one priority now.
Listen, you don't want immigrants competing for jobs especially when you have 95 million Americans out of the labor force, but you can't deny if you bringing trillions of repatriated money at a low rate that's going to incentivize them spend money, the build factories, manufacturing centers. And the same with corporate taxes -- you lower it to 15 percent. You go from the highest corporate tax rates in the industrialized world to the lowest. Businesses are going to want to do business here. That only helps us too, right?
Worry about the jobs they create.
We've got to secure the border simultaneously, I agree with you. We are not disagreeing.
Why does he have to go back and do it again? Why would you advise him to --
Ann Coulter, thank you. They want to destroy Trump. They don't want to support him, the Democrats. All right, thank you for being with us.
And up next tonight, right here on "Hannity" --
That time again. Spring break is here, and we went to South Padre Island, Texas, to see what your kids are doing on spring break. Things haven't changed. You won't believe what we saw. Ainsley Earhardt joins us with a full report, that's straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." All right, it's that time of year again. Thousands of young adults, they head to tropical destinations all across the U.S. for a little fun in the sun. But what are your kids really up to when they jet off to spring break that you usually end up paying for?
Back in 2015 Ainsley Earhardt went down to Panama City Beach, Florida, to investigate the dangers of spring break, and what we found was beyond shocking. But after our reporting aired two years ago, the local government passed a series of ordinances to curtail the risky behavior, including banning all alcohol on the beach in the month of March.
This year we sent a producer to another spring break hot spot, this time in South Padre Island in Texas. You've got to be warned here, what you are about to see is beyond graphic, probably not appropriate for your kids. Three, two, one -- go.
Here with reaction, "Fox & Friends" co-host Ainsley Earhardt. You've been down there a number of years for us doing this, and you saw a lot of bad things. It's obviously happening still, but not in Panama City Beach.
By the way, we are hated for doing that.
Every one of these kids is wasted. They're hammered.
I think one of the great revelations that you made, and I think this is important for parents if they are paying to send their kids here, is you've got people, they're called the 100-mile group, coming in with homemade drugs, molly, ecstasy, cocaine, marijuana, obviously. You do not know who these people are. They're here to prey on these kids.
So thank you for this report. By the way, you interviewed Eric and Lara Trump. They're having their first baby, and it's a boy.
You got the name.
And when did they tell the president?
They're a great couple. You also asked them about Ted Koppel and me?
It's going to air tomorrow?
I know you are not going to give me any clips. I got it.
OK, that is fair. I will be up at 6:00.
Awesome.
Thanks, Ainsley. We will see you back here tomorrow with more news on spring break.
When we come back, an important "Question of the Day." And yes, we will play some of those mean, hateful voicemails you left for me on the "Hannity" hotline. That is straight ahead.
Time for our "Question of the Day." So do you think CBS should post the full 50-plus minutes of my interview with Ted Koppel online? They only ran 70 seconds. Good grief. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
All right, time again to play some of your mean messages for me you left on the "Hannity" hotline. Hit me with your best shot. Let's hear what you say.
Really? My hair, ruffling papers. All right, I will make amends. I am open to constructive criticism. No more of that.
Anyway, have something you want to say to me? It could be mean as you want, nice as you want, doesn't matter. Call the number on your screen, 877-225-8587.
But that's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. We'll see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 133  ***************************************************
 Hey, Steve, first of all, be careful. You're actually inside -- you're protected by two sides right now. But behind you, you see these massive gusts of wind, and my great fear is that something (ph) will be flying and debris will be flying. But when you go out there, from your perspective, feeling the intensity of that wind, I mean, doesn't it feel like, for people that are at home, that this could lift you up and pick you up?
To what extent, Steve, can you tell the audience -- because I've done a lot of research and I've talked to Joe Bastardi numerous times all throughout the day. But this is literally going to go inland up to about 75 miles. Then it's going to stop, pivot, turn back, and literally, we're talking about -- oh, hang in there. It's really tough to watch somebody bracing themselves like that.
It's going to pivot and it's going to keep raining literally for four days. Did the people that needed to evacuate listen, Steve?
Wow!
Steve, I'm watching. Are you in a place where you're protected, that nothing that's flying in your direction can hit you, number one? And how soon do you feel -- we're watching those gusts of wind. They're chilling. How soon before you think you have to get out of there for your own safety and security? Wow!
All right, Steve, look, honestly, we're all sitting here, we're watching what you're going through. We're all getting nervous for your sake. We're just asking you maybe it's time to move out a little bit, get to safer ground. And when you can, check in with us. If you can't, we all understand.
Those gusts are chilling. And I know and the audience appreciate you putting yourself out there like that. Thank you so much. We really appreciate it. Stay safe, OK? All right.
Joining us now is the governor of the great state of Texas. Greg Abbott is with us. Governor, I've been watching you all day. You've been warning people. Now we're beginning to see the beginnings of it. And you -- I don't know if you can see on feedback where you are, but those gusts of wind (INAUDIBLE) literally lifting him off the ground. And some people stayed. Do you know or have any idea how many people actually didn't take the warnings?
Please. And we see the danger in all of this. And I was on the radio today. I'm just -- you know, don't risk your life. You may lose a house or property and it's very painful, but don't lose your life.
Governor, you have been in touch with the White House. We heard about the declaration, proclamation from the president earlier tonight. How much coordination is there? Because from my understanding and all the meteorologists I've been talking to all day, this is going to go 75 miles inland. It's going to stop, pivot, turn around. And it's sort of, like, stuck. And it's going to be there tonight, tomorrow, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, maybe longer as it then makes its way to Galveston and up the eastern coast of Texas.
So that is a big, big -- that's a big problem that's not going away anytime soon, sir.
Governor, I was on the air. We covered the issue of Katrina. Obviously, the issue of the levees was another issue. But clearly, mistakes were made. You feel, as governor -- you feel, having been in touch with the White House, as this goes on now for days and days, that you're confident that the help, the assistance, whatever needs people have will be met and be met expeditiously.
All right, Governor, for all the people in Texas, our thoughts and prayers are with our fellow Americans tonight and tomorrow and as this hurricane makes its way through. We pray nobody gets hurt, nobody, obviously, dies, and that we can get help and assistance to you. The American people are always ready to help, sir. Thank you for being with us.
Also on the ground, Corpus Christi, Texas, Rob Schmitt is with us. Rob, what's going on where you are?
Robert, let me ask you, because maybe you can describe for our audience -- we've been to you. We've been to Steve. You can see the winds nearly pull you off the ground. If you can describe that sensation, it -- you know, we see locking down your legs and literally bracing yourself. And to what extent? You've said this is not the first time you've been in this environment. But our great fear for you is that there's going to be flying debris. To what extent do you see that happening now?
Wow.
We'll take it back. We'll be checking in but with both you and Steve Harrigan. And you have not lost your sense of humor. You're certainly -- the light's back on. You certainly haven't lost your sense of humor. You're earning your pay tonight. And on behalf of everybody, please stay safe out there. And when you need to go, we fully understand. Thank you.
All right, let's go now to Matt Finn. He is on the ground also tonight in Blessing, Texas. Matt, what's going on there? Looks a little calmer where you are.
All right, Matt, you be safe, as well. And it's going to get hit hard, as well, and we'll be following it throughout the night. We'll get back to you.
Joining us now he's from Weatherbell.com. He's their chief forecaster and he's been telling me all day -- now -- I guess as we speak, it is now hitting the coast. We had a Cat 3, a Cat 4. And how bad will it get, Joe Bastardi?
Hey, Joe, I don't want--
I don't want to interrupt you, but this is important information and only because you've been on my radio program for an hour-and-a-half the last three days, and you've been writing me about this storm for over a week. You saw it coming for a while. But this is important.
You told me earlier today this storm is going to push about 75 miles inland. And it's going to kind of stop, but it'll extend out, obviously, beyond that. Then it's going to make a turn. And then it's just going to keep pounding rain. And it's going to happen tonight, tomorrow, tomorrow night, Sunday, Sunday night, Monday, Monday night, into Tuesday.
How far does it go? And what does it mean for the people that are directly hit? And let's go up the eastern coast of Texas and tell everybody that is in harm's way here. What's going to happen?
We--
Joe--
And that's the show we had earlier with Steve Harrigan there. So just to be very clear here because -- if we can put up the map one more time -- we're talking about Corpus Christi to Galveston, Houston. And it's going to be there from tonight all the way through Tuesday. It goes back into the gulf, gathers more strength and comes back on shore. So that's -- you're dealing with basically a really, really long period of time, not--
Yes. Go ahead.
Joe, let me -- let me -- I'm going to go to my colleague, Steve Harrigan, in just a minute. And we saw the gusts, and you said we've already (INAUDIBLE) seeing 118-mile-per-hour gusts. And I'm watching him. He's literally knocked down, braced (ph) down. These gusts are nearly knocking him over. How dangerous is it for him as I go to him and -- and should he be moving inland now, in your opinion, because his safety is our priority.
And then flying debris, Joe?
All right--
All right, Joe, stay there. We'll be going back to you -- Joe Bastardi, Weatherbell.com.
And we go back to my friend, my colleague, Steve Harrigan. And earlier in the program, the gusts of wind were massive, nearly lifting him off his feet. You're still in the same location. And what we're hearing from Joe Bastardi and others, it's literally getting worse every five-minute interval. Do you feel it even stronger than it was when we went to you at the top of the show 24 minutes ago?
Are you all right?
If you don't mind, I want to go back to a question I was asking you earlier, Steve, because we're watching these gusts of wind. We see you bracing. And even with your legs braced like that, you get that gust of wind, it almost looks like it's about to lift you off your feet. What is that sensation like? And when do you feel the need to get out of there?
You're making me laugh! Oh, it's not that bad, I'm nearly flying away. You haven't lost your sense of humor.
Oh, my goodness!
You know, you're really talking about the seriousness of this. And I've been urging people on my radio show all day and yesterday to get out. They are going to be some that are going to be needing help. The president's involved. We just had the governor on.
Yes.
All right, Steve. And I know I speak for everybody -- you know, the fact that you can talk about, Well, it's not as strong as Katrina, it's not as strong as this hurricane that I've been -- it speaks volumes. It speaks volumes about who you are.
You said that you can literally run five feet and you'll be underground and you'll be in safety. Here's my next question. And you talked about, about 30 miles north of you, that there are buildings that are crumbling. And you were talking about real debris that's flying.
Is that the cut-off point for you that -- all right, we got to cut and run here because something -- a shingle from a hard rooftop could obviously be flying against you, or a tree limb or -- you know, it gets serious at some point.
Steve Harrigan, we're going to give you a little break. We'll come back to you as long as you feel it is safe on your part. It is informative. It does help the audience. And I think it's very educational. Get back inside where it is safe a little bit. We will go back to you later in the program. Thank you so much for your hard work. He's giving us a thumbs-up and telling jokes.
You are giving us a thumbs-up and telling jokes. Amazing.
When we come back, we'll have more of our coverage of hurricane Harvey now hitting the coast of Texas. Also Sheriff Arpaio was pardoned just a couple hours ago by President Trump. He will respond next on this program.
This is a Fox News alert. And Hurricane Harvey is now category four storm now bearing down as we speak on the Texas coast. The eye of the storm expected to make landfall any second.
Also major breaking news tonight. President Trump has in fact pardoned former Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio. Remember, he was convicted last month of only criminal contempt. We are going to keep showing Steve Harrigan who is on the ground in Texas tonight, Corpus Christi, in just a second. This was moments ago, the video you'll be seeing.
But on the phone joining us, I believe his first interview, former Maricopa County sheriff Joe Arpaio. First of all, Sheriff, I am very relieved for you. You are 85 years old. You have dedicated your entire life to public service. You came under fire for obeying what are the laws of the land. I applaud the president for what he did tonight. It was the right thing to do. And he telegraphed he was going to do it the other night, but hearing it tonight, how did it feel?
Sheriff, it's got to be daunting, after all those years of public service, that here you are facing a potential year in jail. You know, I've known you for many, many years, sir. And I remember when you stood up and you said, wait a minute, these are the laws of the land. I'm a law enforcement officer. I'm sworn to uphold the laws of the land. Others that were also swore to uphold the laws of the land are not doing it, but I'm going to do it anyway. Isn't that really the root of the troubles for you?
I believe it. Well, listen, it's certainly better than what you could have been facing. If you ended up in one of your own jails you would have pink underwear and a bologna sandwich that cost five cents.
Oh, OK, it would be club Fed?
Three and a cot, right?
On a serious note, give us a headline of the abuse of the judiciary before we get back to Steve Harrigan on the ground in Corpus Christi tonight.
Sheriff, our best to you and your wife. Thank you for all the years of service. I'm relieved for you, for your wife, for your family, and I'm glad that the president, he did the right thing. There's no question about it. And I'm sure he will take heat, but he is a man of conviction as we've all learned and he is not going to be compliant to what people him to be. And I think that's why people admire him so much. Sheriff, all my prayers, all the best, sir, and we will talk soon.
Now, we're going to get back to Steve Harrigan. He's actually getting back up in his position. That was him moments ago nearly getting blown over there. I want to get a quick reaction to this breaking news with Michelle Malkin. She is the host of her own show, "Malkin Investigates," CRTV. Michelle, good to see you. Before we get back to Texas, this is breaking news. He did uphold the law of the land. And he did it, as did the governor at the time, Jan Brewer, they did it in face of tremendous pressure and opposition not to enforce the laws. Now, if you want to change the laws, you can change them. But not enforcing them, it shouldn't be an option for anybody, correct?
Michelle, the most amazing thing -- I don't really watch all these other fake cable news networks because they are so bad. It's now open season on conservatives. It's open season on the president. It's open season -- Republicans are weak, they kind of deserve 80 percent of the criticism.
But in fairness here, the things they are saying, the lies they are reporting, the conspiracy theories that they spin, I've never seen anything like it in my life. They are actually attacking Joe Arpaio for enforcing the laws of the land when really we should have been critical of a Justice Department and a president at the time, then Obama, that literally didn't enforce the laws of the land.
All right, Michelle, we appreciate you being with us. Our thoughts and prayers, again, got out the people at Texas. You see Steve Harrigan on your screen right now. When we come back, he is right there in the middle of it all. We'll get back to Steve in just a second. We are going to give him a five minute break. Look at that. He's literally being lifted off his feet. He says, oh, this is nothing. Nothing? A lot of our reporters are incredibly brave and we appreciate it. We will get back to Steve when we come back.
This is a FOX News alert. Massive category four hurricane slamming Texas as we speak.
By the way, one other note on news tonight, Dr. Sebastian Gorka is out at the White House. He will be on this program on Monday night and we will find out what went on there. He told me earlier tonight in a conversation that he feels he can better serve the president in what he is planning to do going forward. I won't reveal it. I will let him do that himself right here on this show.
We continue. We go back to Corpus Christi, Texas. He's on the ground. Steve Harrigan is with us. Steve, listen, we're all praying for you tonight and all the people in Texas that are getting hit with this storm. But when you said to us earlier tonight when a big gust of wind nearly lifting you off your feet, oh, I'd say this is 90 miles an hour. And really, this nothing. I've been through worse than this. Is it getting worse as you speak? And what you mean by worse, because it looks pretty devastating to us watching you?
Steve, go back inside. That's all right. Go back inside.
Wow. Are you OK?
Steve, I want to remind people that the president has offered all federal assistance. It's on its way. As a matter of fact, he declared and approved a declaration proclamation.
Steve, when we came on the air 49 minutes ago, these gusts that are now constant were only occasional. Now it's picked up dramatically in just a short period of time. And you are even acknowledging the big difference here. I've asked you this before, when you pick up and now move on so that you don't get hit with debris? And just so people know, Steve has the ability to walk five feet into an underground garage to safety, and he knows he can do that at any time. We feel a little bit of comfort, but we always worry about -- whatever's flying in the air, Steve, you have to worry about that as this thing is now picking up as much as it has.
Steve, what to do with the rest of the night now? I know we will have continuing coverage. Will you move to a little bit of a safer area from this point? Are you going to stay there for a little while? I think I just saw something fly behind you.
Are the asphalt tiles or are they hard tiles, asphalt or hard?
Wow. Why don't you move back inside, Steve. We really appreciate your coverage. This is an abject lesson for people that don't get out of the way when they are told to evacuate. This is how bad it gets and it's not even the worst yet. Steve, you can get back to safety. Thank you for your courage, my friend, we really appreciate it. Unbelievable and very scary, and our thoughts and prayers obviously with the people of Texas tonight.
Here with more reaction, the chief forecaster for Weatherbell.com Joe Bastardi. Joe, you're watching that. I know you because we've been friends for so many years and you are a crazy weather guy. And so was your father, and so is your son who I love dearly. And I love your family. But you chase storms. And I'm looking at the smile on your face. You know the feeling of what Steve is living through. And I know that exhilarates you, but for the average person, that's pretty chilling if they don't evacuate right now.
You let your son do it.
You were telling me all week it was going to be bad.
We have got to roll. Thank you, Joe Bastardi. You've been great on radio and on TV all week. We're going to be watching, I'm sure, all weekend. Thank you. Steve Harrigan has been a total and complete rock star, amazing tonight. Our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Texas. Stay with the Fox News Channel, more coverage of hurricane Harvey, straight ahead.
All right, category four hurricane Harvey now slamming the state of Texas. The eye of the storm will make landfall any second now. Our thoughts and prayers are with the people. We hope you please stay safe, please listen to the experts.
By the way, Dr. Sebastian Gorka, he will be here on this program on Monday night. Please stay with the Fox News Channel tonight, all weekend long, continuing breaking news of the hurricane. Our prayers for everybody out there. We will see you back on Monday night.

show#: 134  ***************************************************
 And thanks. And of course, we'll have updates on that race throughout the hour.
Also tonight, a soft coup is under way right here in the United States of America in an attempt to overturn November's election results and forcibly remove a duly elected president from office, sinister forces quickly aligning in what is becoming now, in my mind, a clear and present danger. That is tonight's very "Opening Monologue."
All right, so if you're in America, we're at a turning point tonight with forces now forming an alliance to try and remove President Trump from office. It's that serious.
Now, here are the five dangers we are facing, especially the president. One, you've got the destroy Trump media that has been lying to you now -- provable lies -- for 11 months nonstop. Trump-Russia collusion, black helicopter theories, no evidence whatsoever.
Two, you've got what I've been calling the deep state selectively leaking information to damage the president and anyone associated with him.
Three, special counsel Mueller's investigation mission creep I've been telling you about. Well, it's now turned into an out-of-control what is a political witch hunt. It needs to be stopped.
Four, all this manufactured turmoil putting President Trump's agenda in jeopardy, which ends up directly impacting every one of you out there, the American people.
And five, this effort to override the will of the American people, change the results of a presidential election, is now creating a national security crisis. America is now suffering from a massive informational crisis because, I call them the destroy Trump media, has routinely been exposed now, agenda-driven propagandists more than happy to push debunked tinfoil hat conspiracy theories.
For example, the media relentlessly peddling one of the biggest lies in American history, that is that the president colluded with the Russians. Now, that's because members of the media are nothing more than left-wing ideologues pretending to be journalists. Remember, they're the ones that colluded with Hillary Clinton, exposed by WikiLeaks in the 2016 election.
The media has one clear shared goal in mind, and that is to damage, stop and destroy Trump's presidency, sadly, it appears, by any means necessary. We have been highlighting right here on this program night after night just how unhinged these people have become. And they don't care about facts. Obviously, they don't care about the truth, which is why The Washington Post, The New York Times, ABC, NBC, CNN, all exposed as having gotten their reporting wrong. But the destroy Trump media, they're not the only ones whose collusion narrative, by the way, has completely crumbled.
Take a list (sic) at the long list of Democrats admitting no evidence of collusion, zero, zip! Take a look.
The next threat, and perhaps the most dangerous, the deep state. That is the unelected --what I call the fourth branch of government -- consisting of a lot of Obama holdovers, anti-Trump bureaucrats who now are routinely targeting the president, his administration with selective leaking to hurt him.
Now, this deep state works closely with the destroy-Trump media to disseminate false information about the president and his administration. And what's even more dangerous, more sinister about the deep state is that they're willing to break the law, leaking classified information like in the case of General Flynn.
Then you have the former FBI Director James Comey, admitting under oath he had his memo leaked to The New York Times. He had a goal. He wanted the appointment of a special counsel. And a prime example is the unmasking of General Flynn. That was a violation of the Espionage Act. That's a crime. That's a felony, by the way. And then Flynn's Fourth Amendment rights, by the way, totally trampled on. You've heard nothing about it. There's no investigation there. Why? Again, the deep state, they don't care. They're only concerned with taking down President Trump and President Trump's associates.
Then you've got number three, the special counsel. Look at Mueller's investigation mission creep. Remember? President Trump has called this the greatest political witch hunt in American history? Well, I'm here to tell you the president is right. Mueller's sole purpose was to investigate so-called Trump-Russia collusion, but Mueller is now expanding that investigation, and he's digging into finances and Jared Kushner and obstruction of justice. And guess what? He's not going to stop there. Why? Because there is no Trump-Russia collusion, so he has to move on to other things.
And I'll tell you what's most alarming about this. Mueller is having massive conflicts of interest. He should recuse himself. He's incapable of carrying out a fair and impartial investigation.
Now, Mueller needs to end this witch hunt right now. He's best friends with James Comey. The two have been best friends for a long time. And who do you think Mueller is going to side with when it comes to the president and his word versus James Comey's word? That's pretty obvious, pretty unfair.
And then there's the fact that members of Mueller's investigative team, the lawyers he's hiring -- they've all, many of them donated big, big bucks to, let's see, Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton. And on top of that, perhaps most sinister, one of the lawyers Mueller has hired actually was Clinton's attorney at the Clinton Foundation, defending the Clinton Foundation against getting you information and preventing Freedom of Information Act requests! Oh, isn't that great about the foundation?
Now, imagine for a second -- just stand back -- if Republicans ever tried to pull anything like this? You know, let's hire Donald Trump's lawyer to investigate President Hillary Clinton. The left-wing outrage would be like nothing you've ever seen before.
If Mueller wants to investigate actual crimes, actual collusion, by the way, a real conspiracy Donald Trump or real conspiracy with Russia, maybe he should focus attention on other things. Let's start with Loretta Lynch. Let's start with the Clintons. James Comey testified that Lynch influenced his investigation into Hillary Clinton's email server. Is that not that textbook definition of obstruction of justice?
And if Democrats and the media want to talk about collusion, well, we can talk about collusion. You know, was it wrong for Loretta Lynch to meet Bill Clinton on the tarmac or to convince James Comey not to say investigation, but a matter? Or as Sara Carter and John Solomon have reported, was it wrong when she reported that Comey confronted her as having been in the tank for Hillary all along and put the kibosh on any indictment?
What about when serving as secretary of state? Hillary Clinton handed over 20 percent of America's uranium to who? Oh, Vladimir Putin, the Russians, the corrupt Uranium One deal! And while people involved in that deal donating, kicking back big dollars, millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation, her husband doubling his speaking fees in Moscow.
All this manufactured turmoil from the left, the Democrats, destroy Trump media, the deep state, is creating a completely dysfunctional environment in Washington and for the country.
And you, the American people, you're the ones suffering because these forces are slowing down what you voted for. A president enacting the agenda he promised, means fewer jobs, less economic growth, no border wall, no tax reform, no repealing, replacing ObamaCare, no getting people out of poverty, off of food stamps, back in the labor force, buying homes at a 51-year low.
The longer these attacks continue, the longer it will take for you, the American people, to benefit from what from what you voted for, the president's policies and agenda. And all of this is now creating a very clear, present danger to the country. The left is suffering well beyond Trump derangement syndrome. It's completely unhinged.
Look at how vile some of their rhetoric has been.
You want to punch the president in the face and Madonna dreaming of blowing of the White House? Now, think about this. Now we have severed heads, Trump look-alikes in an ISIS pose. Now we have assassination lists in Alexandria, Virginia, and Republicans targeted for assassination. You don't think that's insanity?
You don't think the left, their deranged hate and rhetoric -- you don't think that this could ever be reconciled with, for example, some of the actions that's happening here.
This is now reaching a point of no return. It's beyond serious. If these forces are successful, this country will not survive. If they continue with lies, propaganda, misinformation and outright conspiracy theories, where do the people go to get their country back?
And why don't they go after the people that we know committed actual crimes? Why aren't they investigating Loretta Lynch, Hillary Clinton, the deep state, the leaks that have been coming out, all illegal? Why are they going after only President Trump?
Now, by the way, just so you know, this isn't about just President Trump. This isn't about just people around the president. This is more deeply about you, the American people. You know, it's a big middle finger right in your face. You know, these people don't care about you, Mueller, Rosenstein, Comey, deep state, destroy-Trump media, weak Republicans. They aren't acting on your behalf. They don't seem to care how all of this is impacting you, your families, those of you out of work, in poverty, you know, on food stamps, those of you out of the labor force, 95 million of you.
You know what? They think they're smarter than you. They know better than you. It's not about you to them. It's not about what you want. This is about what they want.
If you're sick and tired of it, I think you should let your congressmen and women know. I think you should look at the media tonight and ask, Are they telling you the truth anymore?
We're at a turning point. You, the American people, have a profound choice to make here. You can let this continue to happen, watch the country descend into chaos, you can sit back, or you can stand up and fight for what you voted for back in November and the agenda that you want implemented in this country.
Here with reaction, conservative commentator Monica Crowley. Am I overstating the case?
By the way. No, no. It's gone.
They will die (ph).
I think two things, though...
They don't get rid of this deep state and these -- leaking of intelligence -- you can't control the media. They're agenda-driven and they're just propaganda, you know, news at this particular point. But you can stop what's happening in the government.
All right. When we come back, the "great one," Mark Levin -- he has now uncovered a decade-old DOJ document which explains, in fact, something the media will never tell you, why a sitting president cannot be indicted for obstruction of justice. The great one is here to explain.
And later, an explosive new report by Judicial Watch regarding key documents in the Obama spying scandal. You won't believe what these documents show. We have a HANNITY investigation. Tom Fitton will join us. Also, Sara Carter, Gregg Jarrett and much more on this busy breaking news night. Stay with us.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So the left, the destroy Trump media -- they continue to push the Russia-Trump collusion narrative, and now they're trying to suggest, Well, we can't get him on that, so let's move to obstruction of justice. Let's move into financial issues.
Now, the "great one," Mark Levin, recently uncovered an old DOJ document which suggests that a sitting president cannot be indicted in criminal cases.
Look up at the screen. The memo reads in part, "In 1973 the department concluded that the indictment or criminal prosecution of a sitting president would impermissibly undermine the capacity of the executive branch to perform its constitutionally assigned functions."
It goes on, quote, "We believe that the conclusion reached by the department in 1973 still represents the best interpretation of the Constitution." Finally, they assert, quote, "We believe that the Constitution requires recognition of a presidential immunity from indictment and criminal prosecution while the president is in office."
Here with reaction, the author of a soon-to-be best-selling book -- look at her right there -- "Rediscovering Americanism and the Tyranny of Progressivism," I call him "the great one," Mark Levin. Love the cover. You're going to be on next Monday. We're going to talk all about the book.
Not tonight. Let's talk about what you found here. This is profound to me.
Mark, let me get to one question.
And I don't want to interrupt your thought. This is too deep. This is what you're great at. And by the way, "Rediscovering Americanism" -- we'll get into that Monday.
And this is important constitutionally. I keep talking about five forces against this president, and what I call a soft coup. You've got the deep state, the nonstop leaking, and then of course, you see all these people appointed by Mueller. You've got a media, 11 months of nonstop lying, conspiracy theories, Democrats that never accepted the election results. Weak Republicans -- they never liked Trump, and then never-Trumpers, they want some relevancy and to say, I told you so.
But I've never seen the forces align under a banner of conspiracy, lies, hiring Clinton attorneys to be part of Mueller's team -- is this the real danger? Last question.
Great minds think alike. Thank me.
And now they move on.
No Russia...
No Russia, collusion so we'll move on to obstruction. Then we'll move on to...
All right, Mark, very revealing. Monday night, one week from yesterday, you're going to be on this program. I want to talk about your new book. Mark, great to see you, good find.
Appreciate it. I hope people are paying attention. Yes, sir.
all right, coming up, Russia continues to test the United States of America. Today, a Russian armed fighter jet flew within 5 feet of an American aircraft. Sebastian Gorka -- he'll weigh in with the real Russia threat that the media's not talking about.
But first, a bombshell report by Judicial Watch on the location of key documents in the Obama unmasking scandal. You'll never guess the latest stonewalling attempt. Judicial Watch's Tom Fitton will join us with the details. Also, Sara Carter, Gregg Jarrett and much more with reaction straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So Judicial Watch is out with an explosive bombshell report about key documents in the Obama administration and the unmasking scandal. The report is entitled "Obama, NSC adviser Susan Rice's unmasking material is at Obama Library?" Here to explain from Judicial Watch, Tom Fitton, also Circa News Sara Carter, Fox News anchor, attorney Gregg Jarrett. Tom, explain, how does she get access to unmask in the first place? How did she get to that level?
Really? So you're supposed to go over and say, Mr. Obama, can I please have those, please?
And Sara, you and John Solomon had reported as part of your ongoing investigation that there was in this last 2015-16 election season a 350 percent -- 350 percent increase in unmasking, which unless we have greater security threats that they never told us about, that seems to be weaponizing the intelligence agencies to go after political opponents.
I think Tom just told us why.
We don't have access to them. Ship them out quick, right?
Gregg, you've been doing so much investigative work on all of these issues, Mueller, Rosenstein, Comey, mission creep, investigative creep, I agree with you, Mueller needs to be recused, Comey needs to be looked into for crimes possibly committed. Loretta Lynch should be investigated, Hillary investigated, Rosenstein recused. None of it's happening. It just keeps going on and they keep digging deeper because they can't get Russia-Trump collusion.
You agree you can get a president on this, and it DOJ 40 year policy?
Do agree with Mark Levin that this has been department of justice policy in what you uncovered tonight?
I don't know how they don't recuse themselves. All right, guys, we've got to roll here, but thank you all for being with us. Every night we are going to stay on until we get to the truth because the American people are not being served here.
Coming up, the U.S. shot down a Syrian government jet near Raqqa yesterday, and today a Russian armed jet flew within five feet of an American aircraft. Dr. Sebastian Gorka weighs in with the real Russia threat.
And then later tonight.

show#: 135  ***************************************************
 All right, Jennifer, I want to go to one issue here because the U.S. intelligence community said with high confidence they believe, of course, the attack was carried out by the Syrian government aircraft consistent A, with eyewitnesses that saw the winged aircraft launch the attacks and groups like al Nusra, the al Qaeda group in Syria, and ISIS don't have that fixed aircraft -- fixed-wing aircraft. So this was with very high confidence that, in fact, it was the Assad regime. And if we go back under the Obama administration, Assad and his government agreed to disband the chemical weapons and their capability in 2014, so that obviously didn't happen.
All right, Jennifer Griffin, thank you.
And earlier this week, as the president had said with King Abdullah of Jordan, this crosses many, lines, beyond the red line, many, many lines, and of course, expressing his, well, thoughts about the loss of life and the use of this. Clearly, I think the president's goal to prevent any further mass casualty of civilians, sending a message to the rest of the world that this is not negotiable.
Joining us now live tonight from Jerusalem is John Huddy -- John.
All right, John Huddy in Israel tonight, thank you for joining us.
Joining us now live from Mar-a-Lago, Florida, where the president is tonight is our own John Roberts. John, if we go back to this press conference earlier this week, the president did say this crosses many lines beyond a red line, many, many lines.
And we saw tonight I guess with this first military action very much in keeping what he said, we would not telegraph these things will be happening. And also, a very effective president in his statement tonight going on about this deadly nerve agent that choked out the lives of helpless men, women and children. And it was a slow and brutal death for so many
What's the latest from Mar-a-Lago?
Well, John, I would just add to what you're saying here -- number one, it was in keeping with his campaign promises, and that is not to telegraphed military action. Number two, there's no indication the president has any inclination at all to go in and be an occupying force.
But certainly, this is a red line in the sand, that if Syria continues to attack innocent men, women and children with these weapons of mass destruction and slaughter innocent people -- this has been a seven-year civil war with mass atrocities, and the world for the most part has not done anything, I think this certainly sends a message to the entire world tonight that America is back and war crimes like this will not be tolerated.
Yes. It seems to me that it's very clear goal was to prevent any further mass casualties. In many ways now, I would say the ball is now in President Assad's court.
Interesting coming on the heels of the president meeting with General el- Sisi the president of Egypt, and meeting with King Abdullah of Jordan and recently with a crown prince of Saudi Arabia, and of course, a very close relationship with the prime minister of Israel. Seemingly a new coalition has emerged in the entire Middle East waiting for their response tonight.
John Roberts, stand by at Mar-a-Lago. We'll get back to you in a little bit.
Joining us now with new information is our own Jennifer Griffin once again -- Jennifer.
There were interesting comments by one Russian diplomat earlier this week saying that their support is not unconditional as it relates to Syria and Assad, said (ph) after the attack. You had a great description earlier of these 18-foot-long 2-feet-wide thousand-pound Tomahawk missiles and their slow path (ph) trajectory. Can you explain that again for those that are just joining us?
Jennifer...
Obviously, there will be no -- this is to prevent further mass casualties and attacks. And a message has been sent.
Before before I go to General Jack Keane, I wouldn't doubt that there are politicals out -- politicos out there that would make hay over the fact, knowing that at this particular airbase in Syria, that Russian soldiers were there, that they were tipped off. Here we go. We've had eight months of this -- this Russian conspiracy, so I wouldn't be surprised if that happens. But that would be standard operating procedure, would it not?
Well, just to add...
And also to add to that, Rex Tillerson, the sectary of state, said, clearly, Russia has failed in its responsibility to deliver on their commitment to stop these kind of attacks. Either Russia has been complicit or simply incompetent on delivering its end of that agreement. So clearly, strong statement and actions against Russia in this strike tonight.
Jennifer Griffin, thank you. Stand by. We'll get back to you in just a few minutes.
Joining us now live from Washington is General Jack Keane. General, militarily, this is a very big message that should be heard well beyond Syria tonight. What's your reaction to that?
North Korea, Russia --
All right, and thank you, general. We'll get back to you later in the hour. Thanks for being with us. Joining us now from Washington is Bret Baier, the host of "Special Report" here on the Fox News Channel.
Bret, you were making a point earlier with our own Shep Smith, Sunni Arab nations, the king of Jordan, the president, General el-Sisi of Egypt, the crown prince and of course the Israeli prime minister joining and creating a new coalition here. It seemed that because of all the news and this news cycle that the relationship has changed dramatically, especially with Jordan and Egypt now that we have a new president. What impact do you think this has based on their meetings earlier this week?
And also Russia, right, Bret? I mean, a lot of people might go off on an issue that we have a relationship where they were given a heads- up, but on the broader side of this, they were also told by our secretary of state that they might, a, be complicit, b, be incompetent as it relates to resolving the issues involving Syria and especially the chemical weapons issue.
We saws in the last couple of days a president when he said this crosses many, many lines, beyond a red line, many lines. And then in his statement tonight, almost a very emotional statement by him about how Syrian president, dictator Assad launched a horrible weapons attack on innocent civilians using a deadly nerve agent, choking out the lives of helpless men, women, and children, and how it is in the vital national security interests of the U.S. to prevent and deter the spread of deadly chemical weapons. I don't think anybody could deny that, but it also is in keeping with his promise not to telegraph military action. There is no indication at all tonight of an idea of an invasion or occupation. It's to send a message. And I've got to believe that that message was probably received loud and clear in Syria and wherever Assad may be hiding out this evening.
I do concede that. I see the tweet that you are referring to, and that is true. Also consistent, though, with his decisive action, but yes, you're right on the tweet. Bret Baier, "Special Report," thank you.
John Roberts, he just got of the briefing with Secretary of State Tillerson and the national security adviser, McMaster. John, what is latest there?
Obviously the president did change his point of view, especially if you look at tweet from a number of years ago. But we've got to this morning, too, not every military action is a full-fledged war here. And I think the goal is very obvious to prevent any further mass casualty of civilians. And it was clear for the president giving his statement tonight, and we will replay that. This had an emotional impact on him because of the long suffering and the death of innocent men, women, and children that were targeting here.
We have reactions coming in, John. Syrian TV calling this an act of aggression. Senators McCain and Graham and Marco Rubio and Tom Cotton and Bill Nelson and Bob Corker all supporting the president's action. Then Democrat Dick Durbin, "Any further action would require scrutiny of Congress," similar statement by Senator Ben Cardin. But obviously this is a very different reaction and clearly a red line that actually means something. John, we'll get back to you in a few minutes, John Roberts down at Mar-a-Lago tonight, thank you.
Earlier tonight, after this news broke that the U.S. had in fact watch these airstrikes at this air base in Syria, the president did explain his decision to take this military action in retaliation to the government using chemical weapons against its own people, including men, women, and children. Here's what he said earlier.
"No child of God should suffer such horror." And the president goes on to say "Tonight I call on all civilized nations to join us in seeking the end of the slaughter and the bloodshed in Syria."
Joining us now live from Washington is Senator Marco Rubio who put out a supportive statement earlier tonight. Senator, your reaction to the president's actions here?
I agree. The Pentagon just put a statement, senator, Russian forces were notified in advance of the strike, using the established de- confliction line, this is something you know a lot about. Can you explain it?
Senator, we'll save the conspiracy theories for the mainstream media because they live and die by them, eight months of conspiracies with no evidence. But on a serious note, senator, whenever military action is taken, you have to prepare for potential consequences or the reaction of others. In anticipation of this, what would you say that our military is preparing for at this moment in terms of Syria's reaction and in terms of Russia's reaction?
He was moved tonight as well.
One last question on Russia which has been supporting and propping up and assisting Assad regime, Rex Tillerson, our secretary of state, called out Russia earlier saying they failed in their responsibility to deliver on their commitments especially as it relates to these weapons and either Russia has been complicit or incompetent in delivering that end of the agreement. That to me is a clear sign that this administration was willing to take on any consequences as it relates to both Syria and Russia.
And I also think the big message here tonight and the takeaway tonight is this is a message to the world that they want to prevent any further mass casualty of civilians, and I would say the message is that's nonnegotiable. Is that how you interpret that?
Senator, thank you for your time tonight, we appreciate it.
Joining us now is former speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich. Mr. Speaker, your reaction to the president's actions tonight?
Mr. Speaker, maybe inadvertently, maybe Barack Obama in this horrific Iranian deal was able to create a coalition that nobody maybe even anticipated a decade ago, and that is that it brought Saudi Arabia, the Israelis, the Jordanians and the Egyptians into a new coalition. I think very few people have paid attention.
Is one of the messages tonight that there's no longer America leading from behind, America's leading in front and the world is getting a message tonight that America is back?
That is really in keeping when you think about it. I thought one of the best things the president said during the campaign was you don't telegraph your military action all of the time. By the way, a military strike such as this is not a full-fledged war. I take issue with what Senator Rand Paul said. I don't think the president has any intention to invade or to occupy, but I do believe he had an intention of sending a message that if you are going to unleash these weapons of mass destruction against women and children, they are to be consequences. What is North Korea's reaction, Russia's reaction, what is China's reaction? What is the Iranian reaction tonight in your view?
I want to go back to my earlier question because I don't think the media paid enough attention. It seems like King Abdullah of Jordan and the president just hit it off. I don't think I've ever seen the king give more praise to any other leader than he did to President Trump. The same thing with General, President el-Sisi of Egypt. He recently met with the crown prince of Saudi Arabia, and obviously said great words of praise for Prime Minister Netanyahu.
Mr. Speaker, how would you respond? I look at the Pentagon statement and I look a little bit on my Twitter account when I've got moments here, and I read the Russian conspiracy theorists that have had no evidence but keep advancing a phony narrative for eight months would say the Russians were notified because we have a de-confliction line.
I'm not the conspiracy theorist.
It was military to military.
I think it's a great signal, and I think the secretary of state couldn't have been stronger in his wording that Russia has failed in their delivery on their commitment as it relates to the Assad regime which they have been propping up. And they say either Russia has been complicit or incompetence in delivering on their end of the agreement.
I think 50,000 pounds of Tomahawk missiles being dumped on one air base is going to say something. I don't see the Syrians reacting to this except to stand down.
Yes. All right, Mr. Speaker, we really appreciate it.
If you're just joining us, the U.S. has launched airstrikes in Syria from the very location where those planes had taken off and dropped these chemical weapons, Sarin gas and chlorine gas no innocent men, women, and children.
Now, we'll hope you'll stay with the Fox News Channel, continuing coverage all throughout the night of the U.S. military strike in Syria. Stay tuned. Shepard Smith is coming up next. We'll see you back here tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 136  ***************************************************
 Plus, the Trump administration continues to push back against attacks from the liberal alt left radical mainstream media.
We'll take you inside 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue for a sit-down with the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer.
And President Trump meets with U.S. auto makers.
Former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich will react to all of this.
Also, Senator Ted Cruz joins us, and we'll talk to members of Congress about President Trump's agenda.
"Hannity" from Washington, D.C., starts right here, right now.
And welcome to "Hannity." And tonight, we are back in Washington, D.C. Now, we're going to show you my sit-down interview with press secretary Sean Spicer. That's coming up in just a couple of minutes.
The Trump administration -- they're making it very clear to the liberal alt left mainstream media that the old days of doing business are over! And that is tonight's 'Opening Monologue.' The liberal mainstream media -- they're getting a major wake-up call from the Trump administration. New White House press secretary Sean Spicer -- he's making it known that accountability between the White House and the press will now go both ways. Watch this exchange with ABC's Jon Karl. This is from yesterday. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) JONATHAN KARL, ABC NEWS: Is it your intention to always tell the truth from that podium? And will you pledge never to knowingly say something that is not factual? SEAN SPICER, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: It is. It's an honor to do this. And yes, I believe that we have to be honest with the American people. I think sometimes we can disagree with the facts. There are certain things that we may miss -- we may not fully understand when we come out. But our intention is never to lie to you, Jonathan. I'm going to come out here and tell you the facts as I know them. And if we make a mistake, we'll do our best to correct it. But I don't -- I think that -- it's -- as I mentioned the other day, it is a two-way street. There are many mistakes that the media makes all the time. They misreport something, they don't report something, they get a fact wrong. I don't think that's always -- you know, to turn around and say, OK, you are intentionally lying. (END VIDEO CLIP) HANNITY: Predictably, even though he's only been on the job for five days, the media is already going after Sean Spicer really, really hard. Watch this. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) JOY BEHAR, 'THE VIEW': He can still get out. Get out now, Sean. Get out now! (CROSSTALK) BEHAR: I said it to Kellyanne, and I'm saying it to you, Sean. There’s time to get out. You can get a job on CNN. DAN RATHER: The new press secretary said, you know, I will never lie to you. That's good. But then there was that -- it was kind of a Nixonian moment, if you will, when it gets back to this obsession with the size of the crowd for the inauguration. INDIRA LAKSHMANAN: This is one thing where I agree with some of my colleagues that reporters who have worked in authoritarian regimes -- I myself was in China for seven years. And that first briefing reminded me of some of the briefings I've been to in Beijing. A lot of reporters who have worked in places like China, Russia and -- you know, and Cuba might have a pretty good advantage going into covering the Trump administration. (END VIDEO CLIP) HANNITY: Wow, lectures from Dan Rather. Really? The media is going to be doing stuff like this for the next four years. But if members of the press, if they really want to start with a clean slate, well, they need to come forward and they need to admit that they're biased and that they openly colluded, as we have pointed out many times, with the Clinton campaign. While the mainstream media pretends to be unbiased seekers of truth, here's what they won't tell you. According to the Center for Public Integrity, during the 2016 campaign, a whopping 96 percent of money that journalists donated to the two major presidential campaigns went to Hillary Clinton. And as for collusion, well, WikiLeaks -- they exposed how the Clinton campaign was in direct contact with basically every major news organization except for the Fox News Channel. Now, these media outlets allowed stories to be changed, quotes to be altered. They leaked debate questions. They worked to advance the Clinton campaign's agenda, just to give you a few examples. Now, what this comes down to is really simple. If members of the media -- if you want to actually do your jobs for once and you've been pretty lazy as of late, and you want to be fair when covering the Trump administration, then there shouldn't be any problems. Now, if they don't want to do that, then people from the Trump administration clearly will be calling you out and setting the record straight. Now, earlier today, I sat down with the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, in the Roosevelt Room in the White House to talk about this and much more. Take a look.
And joining us now, White House press secretary Sean Spicer. How are you?
A couple of days on the job. That's a hostile room in there that you're working in.
Yes. All right, so let's talk a little bit about the relationship with the media and the Trump administration. A lot of people in that room that we now know through WikiLeaks that colluded with Hillary Clinton's campaign, helped Hillary Clinton's campaign.
You were very passionate this weekend over what was a fake news story...
... the term everybody seems to be using now, that Martin Luther King's bust that was in the Oval Office that had been removed. I was just in there. I saw that, in fact, that bust still exists.
We learned a lot from WikiLeaks. It was very interesting, couple of people that hosted, moderated debates, John Harwood of CNBC, Martha Raddatz -- Martha Raddatz was crying, crying the night when it was announced that Donald Trump was the president, but yet she ended up moderating a presidential debate. John Harwood -- we learned a number of things about him through WikiLeaks.
And I'm thinking, how did they get to that position if they're that one- sided? Are they going to let me moderate a debate...
... in the future? I hope so, too. I'm all for it.
It's such an important issue, and none of these mainstream media outlets defended me the many times that Obama mentioned me by name or attacked...
... the Fox News Channel or attacked talk radio. Maybe I'm misreading something here, but I watched your first full-day press conference, and there was a certain protocol that existed prior to being there...
... which is the AP would get the first question. The networks would get the second question. The AP, whoever the lead AP person is, like Helen Thomas during President Reagan's term, would stand up and say it's over. You did things very differently.
By design?
That was the first question.
... my favorite paper.
CBN. They have a huge audience.
Then you went to Univision from there.
All right.
You had an opportunity to get out of the room faster.
Because the lead person for the AP stood up and said...
They said, Thank you very much...
... press secretary equivalent of a Donald Trump rally.
Yes!
If someone questions my honesty and integrity, I think I'd get a little hot under the collar, but I'm kind of allowed because I'm a radio host, and an opinion host on Fox. Jonathan Karl -- Well, are you going to be honest with us? Isn't that another way of saying, Are you going to lie to us?
And I -- there's a certain insulting quality, I believe, to the question.
Wouldn't that be a case with Kellyanne, when Kellyanne said, Well, we have an alternative set of facts?
She was...
... perspective.
A different perspective.
Well, I've known Kellyanne for 20 years. I took that to be, Well, we have a different perspective than you do.
... measuring audiences now for radio and TV. There's all sorts of devices.
And coming up, White House press secretary Sean Spicer gave me a tour of the briefing room earlier today. We're going to play that for you later tonight.
But first...
President Trump -- he met with members of the U.S. auto industry today at the White House. We're going to have reaction from former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich.
Quick programming note, by the way. This Thursday, I will be interviewing President Donald Trump at the White House. You don't want to miss it. That's this Thursday. Set your DVR.
That and more as we continue "Hannity" tonight from Washington.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So it's day five of the Trump administration. The president has been extremely busy. Now, this morning, he met with the U.S. auto industry leaders, and he's calling for them to help create more jobs right here in America. Watch this.
Also, President Trump -- he signed five executive actions related to the pipelines. For starters, he wants to renegotiate some of the terms related to the Keystone XL pipeline and the Dakota Access pipeline.
Joining us now with reaction, the author of "Treason," former speaker of the House, FOX News contributor Newt Gingrich. I don't think I've ever seen so much happen in such a short period of time. What was Obama doing all those days there?
You know what? Union people have never been in the Oval Office until Donald Trump.
It's -- they're the heart and soul of the Democratic base. He brought them into the Oval Office.
They used to be. Good point.
Wasn't it great that he said, All right, yes, we're going to do the Keystone pipeline. We'll create 28,000 jobs just there, then the Dakota pipeline. And he said, Oh, by the way, we're going us steel from America this time. And that's part of...
But look where you got -- you got GM, billion dollars. Ford Chrysler -- Ford, rather. They're now moving their plants to America. Fiat Chrysler, then you've got on top of that Carrier, Apple, Alibaba wants to create a million jobs, Foxconn. They want to build a $7 billion plant. Kroger said they're adding 10,000 new jobs. That's, like, two million jobs...
... five days in office.
75 percent plus percent of the regulations gone?
Let me -- you talked this weekend about two things, Schumer's position on the Supreme Court being indefensible because he's not going to support anybody that Trump puts out there. And the second thing with the media -- rewrite the book, basically, you're saying.
So if they can't get to 60 and get cloture on the Supreme Court, do they follow Harry Reid's nuclear option?
Period.
OK.
By the way, I give Mitch McConnell -- and I've been critical of him -- a lot of credit on holding that seat the way he did and making it an election issue this year.
And what about the media? Last question.
Are you going to put your speeches on Trumpism to the Heritage Foundation on line?
OK. And I will put it on my Web site, Hannity.com.
I'll steal it.
All right, we'll have more with former speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich right after the break.
And also tonight, Texas senator Ted Cruz will join us in studio.
And our tour of the White House press briefing room with Sean Spicer, as we continue from our nation's capital.
And welcome back to "Hannity" as we broadcast from our nation's capital. We're in Washington, D.C. Still with us, former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich.
Three times.
I think the Obama speech, it was 79 or some crazy number.
You and I early on discussed nationalism, populism, versus conservatism. But refugees vetted, originalist justices, corporate tax cuts, repatriation, lowering the rates, middle class, energy independence, education back to the states -- what part of this agenda is not conservative?
You said it during the campaign. Yes, I agree with you.
I agree. Let me ask you this. So he wants a 10 percent reduction in the size of government. Ten percent, that's significant.
You know, you know baseline budgeting better than anybody -- a 20 percent reduction of the workforce in Washington. Now, simultaneously, before he got into office, the Republican Congress expanded the debt ceiling $9.7 trillion. That doesn't sound like limited government and a path to a balanced budget to me. How will they -- how will this mesh, do you believe?
This is an important question. You have full confidence that the Republican House and Senate will support this Trump agenda and there's not going to be a lot of infighting.
I understand.
You were happy?
Mr. Speaker, great to be with you in your home town.
All right, when we come back, Texas senator Ted Cruz will join us in studio. That's next.
Plus, earlier today, we visited Capitol Hill to talk to a handful of Republican lawmakers about enacting President Trump's agenda. We'll show you what they had to say.
And also later tonight, White House press secretary Sean Spicer -- you see that? I got to stand behind that podium in that briefing room and take questions from liberals in the media.
That and more tonight as "Hannity," from Washington, D.C., continues.
How do you feel about the agenda and the first few days so far?
Do like the list? We are going to hear next week a Supreme Court appointment. Do you like the list of 21 people?
I see him Thursday. Should I say put Ted Cruz's name in there?
This is Scalia's seat. We need an originalist in that seat.
Let's assume for a second that Chuck Schumer follows through on his threat which is he's not in anybody on that list. Should they use the nuclear option?
I've been critical of Mitch McConnell too, and I think the fact that he held back is a big deal.
It was a big issue in the campaign.
I don't think you and I disagree on many issues. So let's look at it through the prism of Donald Trump's agenda. Repatriation at a 10 percent rate, corporate tax rate to 15 percent, vetting refugees, originalists on the court, energy independence, repeal and replace ObamaCare.
And another issue is school choice. Do think all these things can get done? Is there anything he's proposing, maybe trade that you disagree with? Anything?
But you had doubts. We know that.
That was important.
Would it be great if these things got done for once? It would be forever.
I agree. Keep your promises.
You are pushing school choice in particular. If we sent education back to the states, let them decide?
Both are great guys, by the way. Texas has the best politicians. I guess it's no accident that if you took away the Texas job growth during Governor Perry's tenure we would have been at negative jobs created in America.
I would like to energy independence. I think that's key.
Senator, great to have you back in studio.
Thank you, sir. All right, coming up, Sean Spicer, he's gives us a tour of the White House briefing room. But first tonight, earlier today we went to Capitol Hill. We spoke with some Republican lawmakers about the new administration and more. We will pay you part one of that interview as HANNITY continues from sin city, our nation's capital, Washington, D.C.
Welcome back to HANNITY. So earlier today we went to Capitol Hill, we sat down with five of our nation's lawmakers, Representatives Louie Gohmert, Mark Meadows, Marsha Blackburn, Scott Perry, and Jim Jordon. I asked them about how they will help implement President Trump's agenda and much more. Take a look.
Let me start and go back a little bit. When Congress said they would repeal and replace ObamaCare, and it didn't get done and they didn't use the power, did that cause part of the creation of Trump? In 2014 they said they'd stop unconstitutional executive amnesty. What that part of the creation of Donald Trump?
Mark, let me ask you. I saw a recent interview with John Boehner, and John Boehner said they want to shut down the government. It's not going to work. He was kind of mocking those that wanted to use enumerated power of the purse. Was he right?
Does not mean term limits would be a good idea?
We don't want to lose you.
That brings up Donald Trump's proposal, which a 20 percent reduction in the labor force, if you will, nonmilitary. And he is also talking about a 10 percent across the board cut in government.
I know you and I talk about this a lot.
Congressman Perry, if you look at the interim period between Donald Trump's victory and his inauguration on Friday, there was a $9.7 trillion debt increase by the Republican Party. Wow. That is as much debt as Obama gave us in eight years. Why would Republicans who are supposed believe in limited government, that's supposed to believe in balanced budgets, why would they support that?
I might have read this wrong but don't we have the majority in that other body?
You are the founder, Jim, of the Freedom Caucus. Mark took your presidency away, the chairmanship.
But you were the original chairman. And the freedom caucus I think in large part was a check to the Republicans if they were too establishment or weren't adhering to their principles, correct?
Coming up next, a special tour of the White House press briefing room with press secretary, Sean Spicer. Please stay with us.
And welcome back to HANNITY. So earlier today while I with at the White House, the press secretary, Sean Spicer, he gave me a tour of the briefing room. Take a look at this.
If I stand behind there, I am in trouble, right?
Are any of the liberal media here? So this is your podium. Now this room is very packed. How many people are in here every day?
They are always so fun to friendly. Are you telling us the truth? Are you being dishonest with us?
How do you decide who you are going to choose? Do you do that ahead of time?
You're working on a process. It's funny, for every hour of radio I do, I do at least two hours of prep. So for every press conference, I would imagine --
What time do you get in?
Do see the president most days before you come out here?
How do you decide who gets the seat?
Where's Hannity's seat? I don't see one seat that has my name on it.
I've been in talk radio. It's my 30th year, and I've never been invited. So I think that's a shame. But I also notice you change the order --
I would like to come to one of these.
I don't know if Fox would give me their seat.
John Roberts, we are good friends.
So you spend all those hours and you come out here and how have you -- how do you feel it's going so far?
I saw some laughing today.
Sean Spicer, good luck in new job.
Unfortunately, that's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. We will be back in Washington tomorrow night. Don't forget, Thursday night we will have cable exclusive interview with the president of the United States, Donald Trump, Thursday, 10:00 p.m. for the full hour. But we'll see you back here from D.C. tomorrow night, our nation's capital. Thanks for being with us. Have a great night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 137  ***************************************************
 All right. Remember the vindication I've been telling you it was coming? Tonight, it is in full motion. Everything that we have been reporting for over the past year and the media has ignored for the past year, is now being uncovered. We have so much information, I literally need three hours tonight. We'll go through a slowly so everybody gets it. Now, please stay with us. It will take your breath away.
The Attorney General Jeff Sessions is revealing that there are in fact more than 50,000 text messages between Trump-hating FBI employees Peter Strzok and Lisa Page. This is significant because previous reporting put. The number of text messages that only 10,000. Sessions is also vowing tonight to get to the bottom of the missing text messages, which, beginning to look more and more like an FBI cover-up.
This is a massive developing scandal and it ties into everything we have been telling you. Now, we are learning that five -- five months of text messages between the Trump-hating lovers Strzok and Page, they have conveniently disappeared. I don't make this up.
The messages that the FBI is claiming to have lost, well, they are from a critical, crucial time in the Russia investigation. Here is what happened. Now, during that five months -- this is from December 14 to May 17, 2017 -- March 4, President Trump claimed that he was wiretapped at Trump Tower. We don't have the exchanges from them. I would love to know what Strzok and Page were gossiping about at that point.
January 11, remember, BuzzFeed, they published the Clinton bought and paid for phony Russian propaganda dossier that the FBI used to get a FISA warrant against the Trump campaign, they say against Carter Page, that was a pretext.
January 24, now former National Security Adviser Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, he's interviewed by the FBI, and I hope Flynn's attorneys are watching tonight, because it was one person in the room named Peter Strzok who has made it clear that he despises all things Donald Trump. He oversaw that interview.
Now, given what we now know, you have to wonder, how fair could Strzok possibly be?
Now, Strzok had no business being involved in that investigation or any of the others he's involved in. The guy still shouldn't have a job. As I said last Friday, he should be fired, he should in fact be investigated.
Then we go to May 9, FBI Director James Comey is fired. May 17, Robert Mueller is named special counsel.
So, the messages are missing from that entire time period, the most critical time. But they are available from May 18. That's the exact day after Robert Mueller was appointed special counsel. You don't think that's highly suspicious?
Now, Strzok and Page, they are the key players in everything that we have been uncovering. They got their hands and everything. Are we really supposed to believe that the FBI simply lost text messages from that important time frame?
This is like Watergate and far worse. Remember the 18 1/2 minute gap in the White House tapes? This reeks of lawbreaking, it reeks of conspiracy, and it reeks of obstruction of justice. And, by the way, the cover-up is always worse than the crime.
Now, that's what it looks like to me tonight. Now, the DOJ, they're trying to explain it away. They are saying tonight that many of the FBI's issued Samsung 5 phones didn't capture text messages during that period. Hold on a second, we're going to blame Samsung? The DOJ is, you know, talking this up to a, quote, "misconfiguration" on issues related to rollouts, provisioning and software upgrades that conflicted with the FBI's collection capabilities? We're going to blame Samsung? They are blaming Samsung?
Where are the phones tonight? And instead of making excuses, the FBI, have you brought in your best forensic experts to analyze the phones? And, by the way, if you can't get the messages, you need to call Samsung. Maybe they will help you.
And if the FBI doesn't want to do that, then we can only draw the conclusion that the FBI clearly is hiding something in this very crucial time period and timeline that we are talking about. Remember Lois Lerner? She's another example.
Now, this is part of a much larger pattern here. Let's look at Hillary Clinton's email server scandal. Remember, 33,000 deleted emails that had been subpoenaed by Congress. Now, to make doubly sure that those were erased, never to be retrieved again, well then Clinton acid washed the hard drives with an item known as bleach bit to get rid of all of them, no trace of them, while those emails again under congressional subpoena.
And on top of that, a Clinton aide then took the BlackBerrys and mobile devices and smashed them with a hammer, and the few remaining cell phones -- well, they turned over to the FBI, and they had no SIM cards.
And look at these headlines. Fox News, October 2016, quote: FBI agreed to destroy laptops of Clinton aides with immunity deal, lawmaker says. Well, why would the FBI ever agreed to destroy evidence? That doesn't make sense.
And according to the same reporting, as part of the plea deal, the FBI wasn't allowed to search emails after the existence of Clinton's server was made public, which means that the FBI wouldn't be able to look at possible obstruction of justice by Clinton and her aides when it so obvious that is what happened.
Then, there's this, October 5 report from The Washington Examiner: Immunity deal stopped FBI from investigating Bleach Bit use in Clinton email case.
Any of you at home ever use Bleach Bit? You ever smash your mobile device? Clinton destroyed evidence and the FBI didn't even want to investigate. And we can't forget, instead of coming clean and admitting what she was doing, Hillary Clinton gave excuse after excuse for using an unsecured email server at a mom and pop shop bathroom closet. Remember, five foreign intelligence agencies got access to all of that.
Take a look.
Really? You're going to joke about it?
Clinton broke the law. We know she certainly didn't take care of classified, top-secret special access information. She destroyed such and, by the way, and it's pretty simple, the FBI letter off the hook. We'll have more on that in just a second. We have new information.
This destruction of evidence as part of a pattern from the Obama administration. Remember Lois Lerner, IRS targeting conservative scandal? The agency lost the emails of Lois Lerner and the official that was leading the charge, unfairly going after conservatives, the IRS of the emails were lost because of a system crash?
Every time the walls are closing in on the Obama administration officials, key evidence just disappears. And they found it two years later in that case.When it keeps happening, it's not a coincidence. It's actually called obstruction of justice.
And there were also several other wrinkles in the story. Remember Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the IT aide scandal? Well, he had smashed hard drives in his garage. But, of course, the aide's lawyer denied it ever happened.
Also breaking tonight, a newly released text message from Peter Strzok and Lisa Page -- this is where it gets interesting -- appears to show that both of them -- and now tonight, add the attorney general, former Attorney General Loretta Lynch -- knew that Hillary Clinton would not be prosecuted in her email server investigation. Well, what's important is they are saying this before they even interviewed Hillary.
Now, before we show you the message, let's give you a little back story. Remember in May, Comey and Strzok and other top FBI officials, remember, they were drafting the Clinton exoneration of the email server scandal before ever interviewing Hillary and 17 other key witnesses? So, exoneration before investigation, yes, that's called being rigged and the fix was in.
And then you also have former Attorney General Loretta Lynch meeting who? Bill Clinton on the tarmac, talking about grandchildren for 40 minutes at the end of June. Again, they still have not interrogated or asked questions of Hillary Clinton and the key people in this investigation.
Lynch also called Comey, remember, had the meeting with Comey and said to Comey, call it a matter not an investigation, and Comey followed her orders to the letter. And then just days later, when Lynch said that she would step away from the email investigation, she said she would accept the FBI's conclusion.
Well, Strzok texted page on July 1st. Look at this: "Timing looks like hell." Page response: "Yes, that is awful timing" -- talking about the tarmac meeting. "It's a real profile in courage since she," Loretta Lynch, "knows no charges will be brought."
How did she know?
Four days after that, Comey held this press conference, letting Hillary Clinton off the hook. Now, we also have the text message between Strzok and Page, remember talking about the insurance policy, in case, God forbid, Donald Trump became president?
The fix was in. This was rigged. This was an exoneration without an investigation. There is no equal justice under the law here. You've got to Strzok, Page, Lynch all knew that charges would not be recommended against Clinton. That's why they wrote the exoneration early on. And if Lisa Page knew, then that means that her boss, the Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe knew, who we think Strzok and Page were talking to any insurance, quote, text message. Now that would probably mean that Clinton would go free.
Now, we also need to know, you know, what now deputy attorney general, what did Rod Rosenstein know? And when did he know it? He has a lot of questions to start answering.
And if Comey and Lynch, the top two law enforcement officials in the country knew, I gather there's a pretty good chance that someone in the Obama White House also knew the fix was in for Hillary.
The timing is key. If you put the fix in, she gets to stay in the presidential race. If she gets indicted, the Democratic Party is thrown into shambles before an important presidential election. They thought they knew better and they saved Hillary because they thought she would win and they wanted to appoint her the president of the United States.
You think Watergate was a big scandal? This is Watergate on steroids and human growth hormones at levels that would kill the average person.
And to top it all off, there is even more information tonight. Another newly released text message between Strzok and Page, it talks about a change to Comey's Clinton exoneration letter.
Now, the statement originally referenced Clinton emailing President Obama when she was, quote, on the territory of a hostile country. Now, the part mentioning Obama was then altered to say, quote, senior government official, before being removed entirely. So, Obama had to know that Clinton was using a private email server and we have the evidence tonight.
We also have new breaking developments in terms of Republicans' effort to release the classified four-page memo that details these massive FISA abuses against the Trump campaign.
This is becoming the biggest scandal in American history, modern American history. You have members of Congress who have seen it, are saying the contents are shocking, jaw-dropping, alarming, people will go to jail. And Fox News is reporting tonight that releasing the memo to you, the American people, could take up to 19 congressional business days if all the procedures are, quote, followed. That means we don't get to see them, you don't get to see the memo, until at least the middle of March.
Tonight, we are asking that you keep applying pressure. Demand that the public see the memo. Release the memo. You need to see the truth, you need to about this massive abuse of power. They are trampling on our Constitution, they are shredding it. Our Fourth Amendment rights against unreasonable search and seizure, the weaponization of our intelligence community, and how the Clinton bought and paid for phony Russian dossier -- she fixed, remember, she fixed the primary, she had Comey, Strzok, and apparently Loretta Lynch trying to fix her case when she broke the law and then she tried to use the phony dossier to fix the general election, why not after it worked on the primary. And then they use it in an effort to spy on an opposition candidate in an election year and a president-elect and his team.
Call the number at the bottom of the screen. We need to see this memo, 202-224-3121. We'll put it up throughout the evening. Tell your member of Congress, release the memo.
There's a ton of information tonight. Let me sum up what this all means. Clinton fixed the primary against Bernie. Strzok, Comey, and apparently Loretta Lynch exonerated Hillary without ever interviewing her or the key people in that whole email server scandal. The fix was in, it was rigged. Clinton and the DNC tried to influence the general. They bought and paid for Russian lies before an election and the fix was in there. And the Obama administration weaponized the powerful tools of intelligence to target members of the Trump campaign. The fix was in.
Strzok and his mistress, Lisa Page, talked about an insurance policy, and now, key messages are missing. The fix is in.
This is far worse than Watergate. It's a massive abuse of power and you are witnessing one of the biggest scandals in American history with a cover up to boot. Key players, Strzok, Page, Bruce Ohr, Rod Rosenstein need to be fired and investigated. Comey, Loretta Lynch, investigated. And I'm not talking about rank-and-file members of the FBI and Justice Department that do great work on in the intelligence community. I'm talking specifically about abuses committed by their very top officials in the deep state, in the FBI and the Department of Justice.
And if, Robert Mueller, you are watching tonight -- and I'm sure you are and I'm sure your corrupt team of Obama-Hillary Clinton deep state which hunters are watching -- this witch hunt needs to be shut down, since you've clearly stacked the deck against, and started out with a biased investigation against President Trump.
And finally tonight, the government shutdown, it's over. The president just signed a temporary bill and I told you it was no big deal. All the panic by the rest of the media was a waste of your time.
All right. Now, we've got a lot to get to you. Joining us now is investigative reporter and Fox News contributor, we have Sara Carter. Also, Gregg Jarrett, Fox News legal analyst, and Congressman Matt Gaetz.
All right. Let's talk about your -- well, you got a quote today in your article. Tell everybody. It's amazing.
The glitch.
Oh, you mean Vladimir might have it after all?
I have people -- I don't want to mention their names, they didn't me permission. But they are telling me Samsung phones don't have point-to- point encryption or iMessage.
And that those text messages are retrievable through the carrier. Now, they may have been gone at some point, but certainly, they would have a time and date stamp, wouldn't they?
Matt Gaetz, congressman, we've got our 18-1/2 minutes of missing tape here, if you will. But this is far worse than Watergate. Explain why you believe so because he went over to see the memo that we deserve to see.
How much worse and how -- you got to bring us into your world here. How --
Do you believe they are missing? Because I don't buy it. After Lois Lerner, after Hillary Clinton, bleach bit, acid washed, hammering devices.
I don't buy it. I don't -- Debbie Wasserman Schultz smashed hard drives, this is bull. This is now --
It's a lie.
All right. Sara, you tie this together with what Congressman Gaetz was just saying, you see a connection?
All right. Let's talk about the legal aspects and what we are looking at here and what does the Loretta Lynch components component say to you?
All right. Thank you all for your hard work. You two to deserve Pulitzers and John -- Congressman, we need you guys to fight and release this.
Release the memo and find the texts. That is our, you know, hashtag tonight.
All right. So much to combat. When we come back, exclusive interview with the president's attorney Jay Sekulow weighs in on this important new information, straight ahead.
All right. Busy breaking news night. Joining us now with reaction to all the news, from the American Center for Law and Justice chief counsel and the president's attorney, Jay Sekulow.
All right. So, we have the insurance policy memo, with the text messages between Strzok and Page.
Now we bring in Loretta Lynch. So, we have Strzok, Lynch, Page, Comey, McCabe, all knowing before they ever interviewed Hillary Clinton in the email server investigation, and, of course, we have the exoneration written before the investigation, all-knowing to fix was in and it was rigged for Hillary. Wow.
Lois Lerner, yes, sir.
Lois Lerner, missing for two years.
Then you got Hillary Rodham Clinton deleted, bleach bit, acid wash, and then destroying BlackBerrys. Then you've got Debbie Wasserman Schultz and her I.T aid and busted up hard drives in the garage we read. Now the five key months and it just started up again the day after Robert Mueller was appointed.
All of these people knew she would never get in trouble. They're very clear. There is no ambiguity.
I know for a fact, forensically they can recover just about everything. Where are the phones tonight? Where are the two physical phones tonight?
And Samsung why not get them to help us.
I'm asking that question.
Listen crimes were committed. Let me go back to the Watergate comparison for a second. 18.5 you know missing gap on the tape. Compare this to Watergate, breaking into for research and a political cover up. What's the difference here in how this big this is?
Isn't this worst? The abuse of powerful tools of intelligence to impact a Presidential election and keeping a woman in the race that otherwise would had been indicted.
They will have to.
They have been so wrong and so corrupt. They can't admit how wrong it is. It's coming.
All right. President's Trump reelection campaign released a blistering new ad over the weekend attacking Democrats for being week on border security and illegal immigration. Watch this.
The left is outrage as predicted but Socialist center Bernie Sanders called it unbelievable and outrageous. Here with reactions, Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi, the author of "The New American Revolution" the New York Times bestseller, RNC spokesperson Kayleigh McEnany is with us. Pam, let's look at this from the legal side. I sat through a border security meeting with Rick Perry. 640,000 some thousand crimes including murder and rape, not all, most not, but crimes against Texans. Do we not care about American citizens? That guy said he wish he killed more. Why does the truth hurt?
It works. I have been there 12 times. I have been in the drug warehouses, floor to ceiling drugs being brought into our kids.
Kayleigh, I know they're talking about a deal. I'm not for Washington deals. Any deal that does not completely fund the wall nobody should touch. Any deal that doesn't end chain migration should never be touched. Any deal not allowing merit based immigration should never be touch in my view.
I interviewed these moms. They lost their kids.
And Kate Steinle is just one case and point. That is the point, Pam.
Kayleigh, I guess this gets to the heart of this, I think a lot of week Republicans and rhinos like Lindsey Graham. Take on Stephen Miller. He is advocating the President's promises on the campaign trail. One of the hallmarks of this presidency, he keeps his word. He was very clear about a wall, chain migration, recent events ought to make everybody aware of the dangers here. Lindsey Graham attacking really the President through Stephen Miller is another cheap shot. He made a backdoor deal and private conversations with Schumer and Durbin.
Pam let me go to our top story tonight and now we have the five missing months of text messages between Strzok and Lisa Page. We also have now implicated in this. We know that Comey, Strzok, and Page, believe in McCabe, all knew the fix was in, now Loretta Lynch is implicated. Let's use Watergate comparison. How big is this?
Investigate him.
All right. Thank you for being with us tonight. I have said many times back in 2007 and 2008 journalism is dead. This is the biggest story in all of -- every single journalist and every publication and every channel's career. They missed it. They went with a lying narrative that they couldn't prove. Tomi Lahren hits the streets of West Hollywood next. Straight ahead.
Alright. This weekend. Boy how time flies. To mark President Trump first year in office or to commemorate the occasion, we sent Tomi Lahren to one of the most liberal places in America, West Hollywood, California. To pass out red, "make America great again" hats and figure out, what the good people of California really think about our commander in chief. I told you we would do this. Here we go.
The voice of the generation. What is that guy? Antifa? Tomi Lahren joins us, was he.
What? He wasn't stable.
I give you a lot of credit. Go out, right in the middle --
Here is the interesting part to me this. This is West Hollywood. Pretty liberal California we're talking about. A lot of people like the President. They were like, yes. I like this guy. I like the honesty. He did more in one year than Obama did in eight years. I didn't expect that.
I keep saying, I don't know if you agree with me. Trump polls. There are a certain group of people who won't admit. They like Trump. They like his outspokenness and his iconic class. They like the economy and results. All of the noise isn't going to matter at the end of the day if people get jobs and they're back at work and off of food stamps and back in the labor force and not in poverty.
This guy with the -- are we sending enough security out with you. You're ok?
Alright. Really excited. Great work. Tomi Lahren, we will see you later in a week. Thank you as always for doing that for us. We appreciate it. When we come back, this is a painful video of the day. Painful in the "Hannity" hotline straight ahead.
Time for video of the day. The super bowl, what a comeback with New England down. Ten with 9 minutes to go. I know you got to admit, Tom Brady's got it. Here are some of the celebrations after Philly won against Minnesota. One Eagles fan took it really hard, aching his own 100-yard dash on a train platform ouch.
Painful. Ouch. Time for our "Hannity" hotline. Thank so much for calling in.
Wow, I got one good one and for once. I feel pretty good about myself. If you have anything to say, mean or nice, doesn't matter. 877-225-8587 unfortunately, that is all the time we have left this evening. We are staying on this. We are not the destroyed Trump media. We have been right, they had been wrong, set your DVR. Let not your heart be troubled the news continues.
Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 138  ***************************************************
 
show#: 139  ***************************************************
 
show#: 140  ***************************************************
 Well, it turns out the destroy Trump media -- they had no facts when the partisan press -- when they got bored scolding President Trump over his tweet, well, they went right back to the same old, tired conspiracy. Eight months now, "Trump colluded with the Russians to win the election," a baseless claim that the mainstream media has been out there with all these months without one single shred of evidence, not one! Watch this.
Eight months later, all innuendo, zero facts. Then on March 22nd, the House Intel Committee Chairman, Devin Nunes, he announced that he had credible evidence that President Trump and members of his transition team had been caught up in, quote, "incidental surveillance" where their names were, in fact, also unmasked. Now, Nunes also revealed this intel was shared among high-level Obama administration officials.
So do you think the media went out and investigated that serious claim? Do you think they fairly reported these shocking new revelations? Of course not. They didn't. And as you can probably guess, the media reacted by besmirching and smearing and character assassination against Congressman Nunes. Watch this.
Pretty unbelievable. And while the alt-left destroy Trump propaganda media was busy smearing anyone and everyone who didn't echo their biased agenda, well, we did have real journalists from the Fox News Channel right here, Circa News, Bloomberg who were actually doing their jobs. And they reported that Susan Rice called for the unmasking of members of the Trump transition team.
And yesterday, Susan Rice didn't even deny it. But watch out, Don Lemon, Van Jones, the "Clinton News Network," they want you to think these developments are all just a big distraction. They're back to the conspiracy. Take a look.
Unmasking Americans, political opponents, a transition team -- that's not her job. And then over there at MSNBC, remember Chris "thrill up his own leg" Matthews and others? Well, they took the low road and once again accused Republicans of being racist and sexist for targeting Susan Rice. This is insanity we're watching! Look.
Oh, you don't like the facts, just claim racism and sexism. Now, President Trump, he's not letting the media define this narrative. And earlier today, he said, quote, "It's such an important story for our country and the world. It's one of the big stories of our time."
So here's the challenge. Will the partisan destroy press media treat the story with the importance it deserves? Will they continue to weaponize and politicize national intelligence, reveal the names of innocent Americans when there is no warrant to spy on them? Will they ever get to the bottom of who classed -- who released and classified (sic) information and intel about Michael Flynn? Will the media -- how's this? -- will they ever apologize for ridiculing President Trump over his surveillance claims now that he is proven right?
My message is clear. ABC, CBS, NBC, CNN, all of the -- their friends at the national print media, The New York Times, Washington Post -- it's time to realize that your level of partisanship and hatred for the president has now gotten away and totally clouded your judgment in what is now one of the biggest scandals in American history!
Now, maybe you do something right for once. Maybe admit you're biased. Maybe apologize to the American people. Maybe apologize to the president because your veil of unbiased journalism is a sham!
Don't hold your breath. I'm not expecting the apologies. Joining -- or the corrections.
Joining us now from the American Center for Law and Justice, Jay Sekulow, from Circa News, Sara Carter. Sara, anything that I said wrong here?
Jay, two weeks ago, we know that Susan Rice -- I don't know anything about this. But then she admitted to the unmasking. Why -- can you think of any circumstances why Susan Rice, national security adviser, would need to unmask a Trump transition team member or a candidate or a part of the candidacy team of Donald Trump?
Oh, and we got to remember...
She lied two weeks ago, and we've got it on tape, and she totally contradicted herself yesterday. By the way, just like she lied on five Sunday shows when she said a spontaneous demonstration where the demonstrators just happened to have mortars and RPGs in their back pocket at the time, so they decided to take them out just because they felt like it.
But she only admits to the unmasking, Sara. She doesn't admit to leaking the intelligence. That is directly related to your reporting because since 2011, they relaxed the rules as it relates to unmasking. So really, it made it easier to spy and look at the names of those people that were picked up through incidental intelligence that we don't have warrants on. Right or wrong?
We'll pick it up with you, Jay, when we get back. More with Sara and Jay right after the break. We're going to continue this investigation. We'll do the job the mainstream media will not do, which is really sad.
And also later tonight...
Wow. Pathetically, Congressman Adam Schiff defending Susan Rice, saying Republicans have already painted her as, quote, "a villain." Well, now, should Schiff recuse himself from the Russia investigation? Up next, we'll get reaction from Monica Crowley, Bill Bennett. And also later tonight, Dr. Sebastian Gorka. He'll weigh in on the bombshell report that Susan Rice, in fact, was behind the unmasking of Trump officials. We'll do their job right here on "Hannity."
And welcome back to "Hannity" as we continue to ask the questions the mainstream media will not ask. Did President Obama, members of his administration knowingly surveil President Trump and members of his transition team and incoming opposition party? We continue with Jay Sekulow and Sara Carter.
All right, Jay, we left off with you. The answer is obviously yes. Let's talk about the legal aspects from your perspective.
But where is the...
Where is the FBI director? Remember, he would -- he did confirm that they were looking into other issues. But when directly confronted about the leaking in this issue, he wouldn't confirm or deny anything. I mean, in my opinion, shouldn't a grand jury be convened by now? And certainly a lot of these people now need to be brought before the House and Senate Intelligence Committees put under oath?
All right...
Well, Evelyn Farkas is another one. She's going to definitely be brought before those committees, in my opinion. I would be shocked if she wasn't.
All right, Sara, because you've been sort of leading the way nationally on the investigative side of all this, where do you see this going next? Is it deeper than just unmasking the Trump people? Like, for example, we had the Obama administration using the IRS to go after conservatives. Is there more to this story do you think's going to unfold here?
And, by the way, we'll know if she asked for unmasking in other situations because of the way they record that, right?
It's not!
This is becoming, I think, one of the biggest political scandals...
... in the history of this country. And the fact that the media is ignoring it is -- any credibility that maybe they had after being discovered having colluded with Hillary in the last campaign will be totally shot and gone here.
All right, Congressman Adam Schiff, the ranking member on the House Intel Committee -- he is openly defending Susan Rice! Pretty unbelievable. She lied again! Monica Crowley, Bill Bennett -- they'll join us next to weigh in on that lunacy.
Also, later tonight, President Trump said Susan Rice may have committed a crime. We'll ask Dr. Sebastian Gorka about that and reaction from (sic) much more straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So the left went nuts after the House Intel Committee chairman, Devin Nunes, did his job by revealing that the Trump transition team was, in fact, surveilled. But we have explosive tape of the ranking Democrat on that committee, Congressman Adam Schiff, openly showing his bias. Now, tonight, we are asking, should Schiff recuse himself from the Russia investigation? And that's tonight's mini monologue.
All right, so as we explained earlier tonight, the alt left propaganda destroy Trump media -- they are doing their best to smear and slander and besmirch Congressman Devin Nunes. Now, it is Congressman Adam Schiff who is openly showing bias in this case. Listen to what he said last night defending Susan Rice.
Oh, Republicans made her into a villain. Excuse me. Susan Rice did lie about the unmasking two weeks ago on PBS. She said she knew nothing about it, and then yesterday, she admitted she knew everything about it. And she also lied back in 2012 on the five Sunday shows after the Benghazi terror attack.
There's no need for the Republicans to have to paint her as anything. She's a known liar! But instead of focusing on Rice's outright lies on the Trump surveillance, Schiff is now changing the subject.
Now, maybe it's time for him, Adam Schiff, to recuse himself from this Russia investigation. So tonight we asked Congressman Schiff to be a guest on this program. He hasn't responded yet. Shocking.
Here with reaction, conservative commentator Monica Crowley and FOX News contributor, the host of the Bill Bennett podcast, Bill Bennett.
Monica, it seems like he already made his conclusion.
Right.
Well, we know unmasking.
Let me...
He needs to go.
He needs to go. He is too partisan.
It's time for him to go. Bill Bennett, thoughts?
I do. I do.
So you want to keep him in.
We know that she lied about Benghazi. What he said is just false. The initial narrative, they knew within minutes and hours that it was a terrorist attack, and she said that Sunday that this was a spontaneous demonstration. With all due respect, I don't know spontaneous demonstrators that just happen to carry in their back pocket mortars and RPGs. So that never made sense, Dr. Bennett.
Monica, listen to what you're saying, that our intelligence community has been weaponized and politicized, and the FBI too? I agree with you.
We have 15 seconds. Bill Bennett you have the last word, sir.
If we put the light on this, I say people will be going to jail. Thank you both for being with us.
And up next, Susan Rice blatantly lied to you, the American people, two weeks ago by saying that she had no knowledge, none, of the unmasking of the Trump transition team members. Up next, Dr. Sebastian Gorka debunks that lie. And then later, where's President Obama? Why isn't he going out there defending Susan Rice? Michelle Fields, Lisa Boothe, they weigh in as well tonight on "Hannity."
That was Susan Rice only two weeks ago when she told PBS she knew nothing about the surveillance of the Trump transition team and members and the president-elect. In a shocking turn of events multiple sources now confirming that Susan Rice did know about the surveillance and was in fact responsible for the unmasking of Trump officials.
Earlier today when asked by The New York Times if he thought Susan Rice had committed a crime, the president responded, quote, "Do I think? Yes, I think."
Joining us now with reaction, deputy assistant to the president, Dr. Sebastian Gorka. All right, you know a thing or two about intelligence but you also know a thing or two about if somebody two weeks ago, "I don't know anything about this," and then it's revealed she is doing the unmasking, she's got herself a huge credibility problem. But beyond that, what is she saying here by admitting unmasking?
What you are describing is the weaponizing, if you will, the politicizing of our intelligence agencies, and it would have to have been done by the top people. As you know, I have deep respect for those in intelligence. They put the lies on the line for us regularly. Their job is imperative in a world that has this much evil in it. But if you are going to use raw intelligence and unmask people that are political opponents, I mean, to me this sounds like the beginning of a police state. Am I overstating that?
But Dr. Gorka, it should be the type of thing, as I understand, to even have access to this information, this process of unmasking. That it is in a secure area, that you are escorted in, that every single bit of the raw intelligence that you are looking at should be recorded, all of this should be available to the American people. Why is it not being released in the sense that we know -- did she only asked for the unmasking of either candidate Trump, president-elect Trump, the transition team, members of his cabinet? Did they only act in this case, which would prove that it's all politicized and weaponized?
And by its very definition, sir, you are describing something that is beyond Watergate on steroids and human growth hormone.
Wow. Thank you, Dr. Gorka. And where is the mainstream media?
Coming up, where is President Obama? Why isn't he putting out a statement defending Susan Rice? This controversy is not going away. What did he know? When did he know what? Up next, we'll get reaction from Michelle Fields, Lisa Boothe, as "Hannity" continues.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So Susan Rice is once again in hot water. Nothing new for the former Obama national security advisor who became infamous in 2012 for blatantly lying about the Benghazi attacks on five Sunday morning shows. Now that one of his top officials is once again fending off claims of impropriety, where's President Obama? Why isn't he defending his former national security advisor?
We recently actually reached out to former president Obama to join us on this program, but, surprise, surprise, he declined the invitation. Joining us with reaction, FOX News contributor Lisa Boothe and conservative author, commentator, Michelle Fields. Michelle, I get that Obama is not good to comment on it, I understand. But from the perspective of what Susan Rice said two weeks ago, knowing she lied on those five Sunday shows, why would anyone take anything she says at this point seriously?
Sara Carter did point out they did relax these rules as it relates to unmasking back in 2011. So I think it Susan Rice was actually fairly clever in what she said, Lisa, when she said I unmasked them but I didn't leak the information. Go ahead.
Hold on one second. I love you both. One at a time. Michelle, you want to respond. Go ahead.
Guys, nobody can hear you.
Here's what Sara Carter, who has been really on top of this. I've also interviewed a lot of people within the intelligence community and people with CIA backgrounds, and they all tell me the same thing. Raw intel is so sensitive and not corroborated. Remember, to surveill an American citizen you need a warrant. So if we incidentally in the process of the NSA doing their job they pick up an American, there's a process called minimization where you don't reveal who the American is and you minimize what information they are saying unless they are reporting a crime of some kind. And usually the standard operating procedure, Michelle, is that you write "an American," you don't reveal their information. Why is she seeking a reveal, unmask just on Trump people. That doesn't seem odd to you?
Let's play a word game here. What other reason would there be that she is looking for the unmasking only as it relates to the Trump transition and maybe candidate Trump? What other possible reason could there be --
There's more than that, too, because we know that the IRS was used as a weapon against conservative groups leading up to the 2012 election to kind of suppress their effectiveness. But what's so serious about this is if we take this to its conclusion, and now that we know she unmasked these people and then we know she lied about it, what was she trying to hide two weeks ago, Michelle?
My fear is weaponizing and politicizing intelligence, that is a very scary scenario for anybody, and I think we all agree in the rights to privacy for individuals. All right, guys, good debate tonight, thank you.
When we come back, we need your help. A very important "Question of the Day." Plus those very kind messages you've all been leaving for me on the "Hannity" hotline, that's straight ahead.
Time for our "Question of the Day." Do you think Representative Adam Schiff should recuse himself from the Russian investigation? Obviously I believe he should. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter. We always want to know what you think.
Now it is time to play the messages, love or hate, that you left for me on the "Hannity" hotline.
Obama used to say it all the time. "We won, you lost." OK, now the Democrats lost.
Anyway, have something you want to say to me, nice mean, doesn't matter? Call that number on the screen, 877-225-8587.
That's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. We will see you back here tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 141  ***************************************************
 ... how long have I been talking to you on radio in particular? How many years has it been. It's been a while, right?
OK. Let's go back -- how many people do you serve in your health cooperative? How much does it cost? What are people provided? And tell us about the incredible deals you made with pharmaceutical companies, and tell us how it's been duplicated. So I'm really opening it up for you to explain what you do.
Let me go over some of what I know about it. So children on the plan pay $10 a month?
Well, their parents pay, I'm sure. Adults pay $50 a person, right?
Wow. All right.
And adults pay $50 a person. Now, that includes, correct me if I'm wrong, unlimited health care, right? Unlimited inasmuch as...
... unlimited doctor visits. They can go see you -- they can get -- let's go to the simple things. If they need stitches, they can go to your office and get stitches, correct?
And if they need antibiotics, they can get antibiotics.
And if they break a bone, what happens?
All for 50 bucks a month.
... all that, and you pay a little bit extra for your MRI reading, but you pay considerably less. And the average person might have a catastrophic insurance plan on top of it, if God forbid, they have a heart attack or get cancer or have a bad accident, right?
Guys, thank you both. Congratulations on what you've been able to accomplish.
Now, stay right there. Coming up next tonight on 'Hannity'...
The Health and Human Services secretary, Tom Price -- he spoke to reporters today about the ObamaCare replacement plan. He says it's only a first step. Well, hopefully, some people believe that. He'll join us next in a 'Hannity' exclusive.
And then later -- are there left-wing deep state forces trying to sabotage the president and his administration? Laura Ingraham weighs in on that issue tonight. Also, Monica Crowley is back. That and more on this busy news night tonight on 'Hannity.'
All right, that was Speaker Paul Ryan earlier today talking about the Republican plan to now repeal, replace ObamaCare. But not all GOP lawmakers are on board with this new legislation.
Joining us now is the Health and Human Services secretary, former congressman, somebody I've known for a while, Tom Price. By the way, congratulations, congressman, on your new position.
I know that -- I guess my surprise -- and if you look at the criticisms from the Freedom Caucus, Rand Paul, Mike Lee, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio -- these are significant conservatives, also conservatives on radio. And I had interviewed you a long time ago about your specific plan.
And I guess what is so kind of shocking to me is that all these criticisms were out there by conservatives before the bill was introduced. Why wasn't there a meeting and a consensus built on the bill within the Republican Party before it was released?
Yes.
I guess it's -- we all agree on repeal. I guess the replacement is where the disagreement within the Republican Party -- what I -- what I don't want to see happen, congressman -- Secretary Price -- I'm used to calling you congressman. What I don't want to see is an intramural civil war with Republicans...
... over the bill. For example, the big criticism is it's not a full repeal, A, and B, and that it's a new entitlement program. And one of the things one of the Freedom Caucus members told me today is they would rather block grant any money for the uninsured or the poor back to the states. Would that be something you'd be open to?
I guess because a lot of people thought the 123-page bill was the bill, and I guess that's the reason. Mr. Secretary, let me ask this question because one of the things that some conservatives are asking -- and I think it's a fair question. They -- every Republican voted for a repeal bill in and of itself in 2015. Why not do that again so you ensure all of it is gone? Is that possible?
... Washington.
Is there a new entitlement in this bill?
In other words, money...
You know, in the last segment, we had Dr. Josh Umbehr from Wichita, and it's somebody that I've known for a lot of years. He's a really smart guy. He's from Wichita, Kansas. And he started this cooperative, and it's been duplicated a lot around the country. In his cooperative in Kansas, they have a $10 monthly charge for children, a $50 monthly charge for adults. It includes unlimited health care.
He has independently negotiated with the pharmaceutical companies for the major drugs that his patients need and gets 90 percent reductions. And then most of his patients have catastrophic plans, which are relatively inexpensive, based on what your deductible is...
... in case you have a heart attack, an accident, God forbid, or cancer, God forbid. And that is the best insurance -- that's what insurance seems to really be for.
Can that be duplicated? For example, could the Bricklayers Association of America, carpenters' unions across America -- is that something that maybe could be duplicated, considering it's so impressive to me...
... on top of the health care savings accounts, which we all agree we need in this bill?
Yes.
Last question, Mr. Secretary. How much input -- those people that have been vocal and critical today, the Freedom Caucus, those senators that I mentioned, these conservative groups that I mentioned, Heritage Action, Club for Growth, FreedomWorks, Americans for Prosperity -- how much input will you allow them to have as you move forward in these three phases? Because a lot of them were pretty upset today.
Oh, it's -- look, this is the -- this is a defining moment for the Republicans...
... and certainly for the president, the fact that you're going to have an open door and these people will be heard, and those changes are going to be made -- as you said, this is a first step -- is a little more reassuring than how I felt earlier today.
Mr. Secretary, I look forward to continuing this discussion as we move forward, and I wish you the best of luck.
We get this done, but get it done right. Thank you, sir.
All right, appreciate it. All the best.
And coming up, are Obama holdovers, is that shadow government officials -- are they working behind the scenes to continue to damage the Trump administration? We'll examine tonight's evidence. We'll get reaction from Laura Ingraham.
And later tonight, she's back. Monica Crowley returns to 'Hannity' with reaction to the unrelenting attacks against everybody in the Trump administration, as we continue.
Welcome back to 'Hannity.' The alt-left propaganda destroy Trump media and the Democrats -- they're now smearing the commander-in-chief while flat-out refusing to ask President Barack Obama very critical questions about wiretapping. And that is tonight's 'mini- monologue.' The left is breathlessly saying that the president isn't telling the truth over wiretapping allegations. Take a look at some of the headlines from The New York Times, CNN, The Washington Post smearing the president. 'Trump offering no evidence says Obama tapped his phones,' 'Trump's baseless wiretap claim' and 'Trump citing no evidence accuses Obama of Nixon Watergate plot to wiretap Trump Tower.' The hypocrisy is stunning! Why? The New York Times is accusing the president of lying, but they are the ones that printed this headline on the front page of their paper of all days January 20th. Wiretap data used in inquiry of Trump aides. If you read the article, it says in part, quote, 'The FBI is leading the investigations aided by the National Security Agency, the CIA and the Treasury Department's Financial Crimes Unit.' 'Now, the investigators have accelerated their efforts in recent weeks but have found no conclusive evidence of wrongdoing, the official said. One official said intelligence reports based on some of the wiretapped communications had been provided to the White House.' The New York Times reported on wiretapped communications that got to the White House. But somehow, President Trump -- he's the one who's lying? This is ridiculous and it proves exactly why you, the American people, do not trust the media. There's also the ridiculous statement from President Barack Obama's spokesman. 'A cardinal rule of the Obama administration was that no White House official ever interfered with any independent investigation led by the Department of Justice. As part of that practice, neither President Obama nor any White House official ever ordered'-- keyword -- 'ordered surveillance on any U.S. citizen. Any suggestion otherwise is simply false. ' The statement never said that President Obama didn't know about it, like The New York Times told us, just that he didn't order it. So is anyone in the press ever going to ask if Obama knew about the surveillance of an opposition party during an election year, or will they just give him another pass? Here with reaction, editor-in-chief of Lifezette, Fox News contributor, nationally syndicated radio host -- and she's got more titles than any guest we ever had -- and best-selling author, and what -- what are you throwing up in the year, my football?
Well, my phone's been blowing up all day, too.
I can only imagine. All right, this is really important. They reported on it. So all Donald Trump has to say is, Well, I was quoting you guys. You guys supposedly tell the truth. Who would ever doubt The New York Times?
It becomes amusing. When are they ever going to say, Oh, maybe we were wrong, and apologize and retract?
Well, The New York Times, if you look at that statement, it says they did know about it.
That was the most revealing thing to me. Great minds think alike here. And we need to set this foundation. WikiLeaks has not been wrong in over 10 years, not one time have they been proven wrong in terms of what they have released. You're right. If they were using specific deceptive techniques to make it look like the Russians, then that opens up the question, did in fact they try and pin all of this Russia conspiracy stuff that the media has fallen hook, line, and sinker for without any evidence, did they do it internally, the same people that are leaking on Trump?
To the FBI.
They brought in outsiders to do it instead of the FBI.
Am I wrong in thinking this runs deeper and probably is connected to the elites, or am I jumping out too far?
If all this turns out to be true, this could be a scandal much bigger than Watergate, couldn't it?
This WikiLeaks revelation today coupled with an interview I did with this guy Vinnie who was a 32-year NSA veteran who is a whistleblower retired, he said every phone conversation, every text, every email of every American is locked up in metadata.
That's scary.
That's police state tactics. That would be frightening. All right, good to see you, Laura, as always.
Up next, Monica Crowley makes her return to the program. We'll ask her about the left's all-out assault against anybody associated with Donald Trump, our president. And also later tonight.
Mika needs a hug. The alt-left propaganda, destroy Trump media, sinking to new lows attacking the commander-in-chief. We have Larry Elder and Ari Fleischer here with reaction, that and more on this crazy busy news night HANNITY.
Welcome back to HANNITY. She is back. Our good friend of the program, conservative commentator and author, writer, Monica Crowley. Welcome back. How are you?
All right, let me start, people may not know that you were the sister-in-law of our dear friend Alan Colmes, and my heart goes out to you and your sister. How is she doing?
How are you doing?
He was my friend even though I disagreed with everything he said. And I was really angry at a couple outlets. We'll deal with that more in the future.
So you were going to go to the administration. You got viciously attacked. And by the way, you're not the only one. It's Bannon, it's Reince, it's Kellyanne, it's Steve Miller, it's even Melania, and they're going after Jared, they're going after Ivanka, they even went after a 10-year-old kid. It's pretty ugly. Now they're going after Sebastian Gorka which is ridiculous. But it seems that anyone around the president is getting attacked. And I wanted to give you a chance, because you hadn't been out there publicly for personal and other reasons, to respond to this.
Look what they did to General Flynn.
I totally agree with you. By the way, I want to say one thing. We have a mutual friend, Andy McCarthy. I don't think you should answer any of these people's questions, because they can go straight to hell. You know how I deal with stuff. I don't care what anybody says, and I thought he did a great job in debunking the issue for you.
Here's what's important, though, what you're saying, very important, I think. I see five different factions going after the president. And each one, you've got the snowflake faction, all these protesters that are being paid in many cases to create an image that there is chaos in the country. Then you've got to Democratic Party, obstructionists, want no part of this president succeeding because they look bad and are out of power for a long time.
Then you've got a media establishment which we know through WikiLeaks colluded in this last campaign. They never vetted Obama, they never told the truth about what a failure he's been, that's a big part of it. Then you've got Republicans who are weak and timid. And then the fifth part is an intelligence community that is so clearly and obviously, people within it, I have great respect for people in intelligence, but there are those in that community, the swamp, the shadow government that I talk about, the state, if you will, the deep state that we talk about, they're out for blood. And this is five significant, powerful establishment forces that are lined up against this president. This is not a game. They want to destroy him, delegitimize him, and get him out if they can.
So true.
What a strong, powerful admonition. We missed you. We're so sorry about Alan. My best to you and your family. You know how I feel about all of you.
On a busy news night, what's on next on it HANNITY? This.
Joe, give Mika a hug. You've got the alt-left propaganda, destroy Trump media, well, they need to now admit that they're not unbiased journalist. They have a role in this game. We'll examine that. We'll get reaction from Larry Elder and Ari Fleischer straight ahead.
Welcome back to HANNITY. So they alt-left propaganda, destroy Trump at all costs media, they're working overtime to take down the Trump administration. Listen to MSNBC's Mika Brzezinski. She seemed to be fighting back tears yesterday she was so upset talking about President Trump. Watch this.
Really? Maybe overwrought there. And then CNN's Anderson Cooper says he has muted President Trump on Twitter. Let's look at more of the liberal media.
There is your fair, your balanced, unbiased journalist. Maybe they should stop pretending that and be who they are, radical, lazy leftist activists on TV.
Joining us now with reaction, Salem nationally syndicated radio talk show host Larry Elder who is laughing, and former White House press secretary Ari Fleischer. All right, Ari, is that fair and balanced or are they any different --
Is that fair and balanced? Poor Mika, somebody get her either a stiff drink or a padded room. Help her out.
She didn't she was nervous when a guy palled around with an unrepentant terrorist became president. I don't remember going deep in that story like I did. Then President Obama was only asked one time during the campaign.
Larry, I know you're laughing. Some of this is funny, I've got to admit. But on another level, really, they do want to destroy Trump. They want to destroy the president. They are trying to delegitimize him and they want to stop his agenda, and at most, if they're lucky, they want him out of office.
The bottom line, though, Ari, is I have said journalism is dead. Look at, for example, 'The New York Times.' 'The New York Times' reported that the president was wiretapped. They did it multiple times as did the BBC, as did McClatchy, as did other major sources, mainstream media news. The president acknowledges what they reported and somehow he's to blame.
When are they going to ever have some introspection, some self- examination as it relates to colluding with Hillary Clinton? And if they're going to blame Trump for reporting and talking about what they report, when are they going to take the same on themselves? It's kind of hypocritical, isn't it.
You agree they colluded with Hillary. Would you agree they didn't vet Obama?
I think that's good with one caveat, he's got a lot of conservative opposition. I think they should have built the consensus plan before they released it. That's my own personal view. Secretary Price was very clear that it's going to happen in three phases and all of the critics will be included in the end. Larry, I say that if Donald Trump checks off that promise list and gets it done, he walks into reelection in spite of all the noise that you hear everywhere.
Guys, great segment, thank you both for being with us, always appreciate you being on.
When we come back, we need your help, an important question of the day. And yes, some mean, horrible HANNITY hotline voice mails from you. We'll get to that straight ahead.
Welcome back to HANNITY. It is time for our 'Question of the Day.' So what do you think of the Republican health care plan? Do you agree with me it needs changes? I believe it does. I believe it will happen. Just go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
All right, hit me with your best shot. Be as mean as you need to be. I can handle whatever you've got. These are the messages left on the HANNITY hotline.
I'm running right after the show. I'll jump off the nearest bridge I find. Kathy, thank you for your nice phone. You want to be mean like Elliot? Hit me with your best shot. You see the number on your screen, 877-225-8587.
That is all the time we have left this evening. Hope you set your DVR, never miss an episode. Back here tomorrow night, thanks for being with us.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 142  ***************************************************
 All right. Brand new tonight, we have even more text messages from Trump-hating FBI officials Peter Strzok and Lisa Page.
Now, Senator Ron Johnson has put out a report that is raising questions about President Obama's potential involvement in Hillary Clinton's email investigation.
Now, during a September 2nd, 2016 exchange about creating talking points for former FBI Director James Comey to give to President Barack Obama, Page writes: "POTUS wants to know everything we're doing".
All right. So, what exactly did President Obama want to be briefed on?
Now, sources close to Strzok and Page, they are telling the Wall Street Journal tonight that this message they sent doesn't have to do with the Clinton email probe and, instead, was talking about possible Russian interference in the election.
So, in light of the new Strzok texts, well, we need to know what investigation is Obama want to be briefed on? That's why tonight we have two very simple questions for Barack Obama and frankly everyone else involved in this scandal. Take a quick look.
All right. That was Senator Howard Baker. That was during the Watergate investigation, asking very important questions that President Barack Obama and others now need answers to. They got to answer to everybody.
What did reach out -- we did reach out to Obama's spokesperson. We didn't get comment to all of them. And, by the way, shocking.
Also tonight, there is a new batch of text messages just released from Trump-hating FBI lovers Peter Strzok and Lisa Page. It highlights their investigative bias and, of course, their continued hatred of Donald Trump. On August 9, 2016, Lisa Page writes, well, "He is not ever going to become president, right? Right?"
Their hatred from Trump only grows from there. On November 3, 2016, only days before the election, Page wrote, well, "The New York Times probability numbers are dropping every single day. I'm scared for our organization."
Now, the Senate report notes this is likely a reference to the New York Times election forecast which showed Trump gaining ground at that point in the election.
Then, on Election Day, November 8, 2016, Strzok then says: "Oh my god, this is (blanking) terrifying." And the next day, Strzok follows up with a: "Oh my god, I am so depressed."
And a few days later on November 13, here is what Lisa Page texts, pay close attention to this. Well, "I bought 'All The President's Men,' I figured I need to brush up on Watergate." And the following day, Page writes, "God, being here make me angry. Lots of high fallutin' national security talk and meanwhile, we have our task ahead of us."
Who do you think is going to get charged, Joe? I don't mean to interrupt. Who are we talking about?
What about James Comey?
302s are witness testimonies. Explain --
One of or the biggest?
Gregg Jarrett, let's start with the new Strzok page text we have out today. And we're still missing the five crucial months although they have been recovered. We have a lot more coming. There is 50,000 in total.
So, with each new revelation, it gets worse and worse for them.
Let me ask you about this. And House Intel has requested the judge to provide the FISA transcript hearings, Gregg. I want to talk about the legality of all of this, because, we do know that Lindsey Graham and Senator Grassley, they got a chance to look at all four FISA applications. That was sort of like a footnote. Nobody paid attention to last night with the unredacted memo that they had.
As it relates to the intel, I would think that we, if we ever got ahold of the FISA court, considering they are saying the bulk of information to allow this to go forward was based on this phony Hillary Clinton paid for Russian government dossier, I can only -- and they withheld all this information from the court, can I got to believe that court judge has got to be livid and furious tonight.
Let me go to Tom Fitton.
Tom, in this whole issue of Barack Obama wants to be kept abreast of all of this or Strzok and Page are preparing what appears to be talking points for President Obama, "Wall Street Journal" says it was not about the email investigation but from earlier comments that I saw that you made, you have your doubts about that?
Oh, absolutely.
What about Joe DiGenova, there seems to be some complicity here? Now, if things weren't bad enough that Hillary is paying for Russian read from the Grassley-Graham memo, Russian government information to be used in an election to lie to the American people, then used as the bulk of information for a FISA warrant, none of it verified, if that's not bad enough, now we have the information that looks like Sid "Vicious" Blumenthal and people at the Department of State are complicit in providing Steele some of this phony information that he then coordinates with the Clinton campaign to disseminate to the lazy overpaid so-called journalists and media in this country.
Wow. I want to know what Brennan and Clapper, I want to know about the surveillance, unmasking, leaking intelligence and their potential understanding and knowledge of that. We'll find out in weeks and months ahead.
When we come back, a breaking news story on Uranium One. Sara Carter, the informant testified today. That's next.
Investigative reporter Sara Carter out with a huge bombshell report on the Uranium One scandal tonight. Sara's reporting, quote: the informant who spent years gathering information on the Russia energy and uranium market industry for the FBI met staff members of the Senate Judiciary Committee, House Oversight and the House Intelligence Committees.
Well, that all happened earlier today where he gave explosive testimony on his years as an undercover informant providing information to the FBI on Russian criminal networks that are operating right inside the United States. He also contends in his testimony and his written briefs that the FBI -- that Russia attempted to hide their ongoing aide to help sustain Iran's nuclear industry at the time the Obama administration, in fact, approved the sale of 20 percent of U.S. uranium mining rights to Russia.
Now, we did reach out to Hillary Clinton for a statement. Her spokesman called the informant, quote, a charade and a distraction.
Here with more, Fox News contributor broke this story, Sara Carter, lawyer for the FBI informant Victoria Toensing.
We've got to put this in context here. He worked for the FBI many, many years. And then he worked in particular if I'm not mistaken, Sara, six years on this particular case.
I'm sorry, Victoria, you are shaking your head.
OK.
So, he finally testifies today. Sara, I want to go to your full report. But I want to remind everybody of important facts here.
We don't have enough uranium in this country. Before the CFIUS signoff, the nine different agencies signing off on the Uranium One deal, they knew that Vladimir Putin had operatives in this country that wanted to get a foot hold in our uranium industry. And that they were involved in bribery and racketeering and kickbacks and money laundering and all sorts of behavior. They knew all of, this even 18 months prior. And they still allowed this to go forward.
Tell us what can you now break open tonight?
And the more important point is that he tried to tell people and warn people, specifically, about everything that was going on. And he was told and has proof and evidence that in fact the response was, well, it's not going to be a problem as long as Hillary is in the administration, then as secretary of state?
Victoria, you were there the entire time today. This is your client. We have been waiting for this testimony for a long time. I know have you had to sift through years of information. What was the reaction if you can tell us of these committees number one and number two, if you could explain the why? It never made sense to allow when we knew Vladimir Putin he had a band of supporters in the country that wanted to get our uranium and then they are still doing this with Iran as Sara is mentioning. How could we let this happen?
And it happened?
Why didn't they listen to your client? It sounds like he was dumbfounded. He had all of this information. He is in the heart of it. Sees all the corruption around it. He knows, I assume we don't have enough uranium resources on our own, why didn't anybody listen to him?
Sara.
And the FBI Director at the time Robert Mueller, did he know about this.
Twice.
Wow. Then we have to take everything back to the money. And then the kickbacks and the connection to the Clinton foundation. We are just out of time. I want to thank you both. We will stay on this story as well. It's unbelievable. Thank you both for being with us. When we comeback Judge Jeanine Pirro will weigh in on both of this top breaking stories tonight. As Hannity continues. We're glad you are with us.
Joining us now with reaction to all of tonight's breaking news. She is the host of Justice Judge Jeanine Pirro. If you look at our top stories tonight, there is a part of me that can't believe all of this is happening. So we have the Grassley-Graham memorandum un-redacted that comes out last night. Literally minutes before we start the show. In this they are saying this dossier is full of Russian government lies, they don't say lies, but Russian government sources, Russians, and then we learn that there are Clinton sycophants also feeding Michael Steele. Now it's bad enough that they are using the dossier to feed to a liberal media that doesn't do any work or fact checking on their own. But then it gets even deeper is that Comey and others use this as the bulk of information unverified, Hillary Clinton bought and paid for, Russian propaganda. Full of salacious lies to get a FISA warrant against an opposition Party candidate to prevent him from winning and then when he does win, to try and unseat a duly elected President. I don't even know where to begin with the law here.
Do we know what that text messages specifically said?
On the brink of -- on the brink of, finish that thought.
Who would likely to be the targets of this investigation? This is an important question.
Who would likely be the main targets of this investigation?
Page? What about Comey.
What about Comey.
Judge, what about Comey and Rosenstein?
What about Hillary Clinton?
Wait a minute. They fixed it. When they were writing their exoneration before investigation, it was rigged. And everybody knew that they were rigging it.
I understand. But they rigged the system so she could stay as the candidate, because they thought she would win and become President and even Strzok and Page were afraid oh my gosh, if she wins, she might get mad at us at one point. But then the more important thing is who knew how do they possibly take unverified information withhold from the FISA court Judge that it's Hillary Clinton bought and paid for, how do you withhold that kind of information when seeking something as sensitive as a FISA warrant?
I know one Judge that I don't think I want to before and that is you, be before. Keep up the good work. Thank you.
When we come back, The Mooch, Anthony Scaramucci is back and Sharyl Attkisson as we continue, straight ahead.
All right. It's one of the mainstream destroy Trump favorite tactics to prevent you from getting the whole story. It's called bias of omission. Today it was on full display. Despite the bombshell revelations in the Grassley-Graham memo and some pretty damning text messages from FBI official's lovers, Lisa Page and Peter Strzok. The mainstream media is utterly silent. Here with reaction, founder, managing partner, sky bridge capital I'm sorry, Anthony, I'm not Bill Maher. You are not on a liberal show tonight.
That is actually true. You take heat from all covers. And the author of the smear, how shady political operatives and fake news controls what you see, what you think, and how you vote. The anchor of full measure Sharyl Attkisson is back with us. All right, Anthony, to me, I think Joe Digenova is right and I have been saying it. This is the biggest corruption scandal in the history, perhaps, modern day politics. It is -- it makes Watergate look like stealing a snicker's bar.
I have.
In many ways, Sheryl, you have been a victim of all of this. This was almost a year ago on this program we broke the story right here with Sara Carter and John Solomon who had done incredible work, yeah they got a FISA warrant against Donald Trump. Donald Trump tweets out oh, they wiretapped me and the media went crazy. Turns out everything and much more we have been literally unpeeling layers of an onion here with real facts and information the media has gone with the story about Russia Trump collusion with zero evidence for a year and bio mission don't cover these stories. Why?
Well, Carter Page.
Isn't that what happened to General Flynn base on what we know? Isn't that what happened to poor general Flynn.
Sharyl, the bottom line is you have one Presidential candidate that pays for a phony Russian dossier. None of it is verified and she is also, Christopher Steele is being fed from Clinton's own associate. Then they don't tell a FISA Judge the facts of who bought and paid for this phony dossier that is unverified. And then it's used to get a FISA warrant. And you're right about incidental unmasking and leaking raw intelligence. And the media, for the most part. There has been a blackout. Isn't that true?
Deep state, Anthony Scaramucci, deep state case.
Anthony, Chuck Schumer says they will get you six ways and Sunday and this guy on fake news CNN saying they are going to win.
Last word Sharyl Attkisson.
All right. Guys thank you both. Mooch good to see you. Welcome back, my brother. We appreciate you coming on. Sharyl, good to see you too. When we comeback time for our video of the day featuring America's least favorite lovebirds, liberal Joe and liberal Mika. We will explain straight ahead.
All right. Liberal morning show host Joe Scarborough and Dr. Mika Brzezinski they recently paraded on "Saturday Night Live" while many thought was an all too realistic impersonation of this cringe worthy duo. Yesterday, the pair had an extremely bizarre very awkward exchange on air. And tonight's video of the day we compare the real life Joe and Mika and their "Saturday Night Live" counterparts, take a look.
That is so creepy, anyway, it looks like sometimes a reality is really better than fiction. All right time for the "Hannity" hotline sound off.
Oh I am a disgrace to everybody. Anyway if you have something to say, let not your heart be troubled, just right there, 877-225-8587. All right. Unfortunately that is all the time we have left this evening. Let not your heart be troubled. Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 143  ***************************************************
 Now, we will have the president's full remarks all coming up tonight. Meanwhile, the left-wing mainstream media has been lying to you for over a year about Russia. Tonight on this program, we will expose how the Obama administration knew and covered up one of the biggest national security pay to play scandals in this country's history.
This just shows you how morally bankrupt the media in this country is. To them, nothing, including the death of an American soldier, is off limits when it comes to bashing President Trump. What they are doing is beyond disrespectful and beyond the pale. The media is literally spitting on the graves of every single American who has died defending this country and their rights to be stupid like they are every day.
Then there's Democratic Congresswoman Frederica Wilson. Oh, she is the number-one Trump hater in the country. What she is engaging in, in orchestrating here, is the epitome of gutter, bottom of the barrel politics. This woman is a disgrace to the U.S. Congress and doesn't have an ounce of shame and her body. Frederica Wilson saw the death of Sergeant Johnson, oh, just as a way to manufacture controversy and try and hurt the president, and that's exactly what she's doing. Watch this.
Really, Congresswoman? Your deep hatred of this president shows no bounds. No limits. What kind of person is doing what Congresswoman Wilson is doing here? Think about this for a second. How low, how pathetic do you have to be to try and manipulate the tragic death of an American hero for bitter, partisan political gains?
Make no mistake. This should not be a surprise coming from Congresswoman Frederica Wilson. She has a very long history of doing nothing else but trashing President Trump. The media hasn't told you about this part. Wilson has called for the president's impeachment. She's labeled him a racist, she said he was crazy. And the list of insults, I can go on and on and on, but here's the bottom-line: Congresswoman Wilson is a national disgrace. Her conduct is beneath the position that she has in the U.S. Congress.
And while all of this is going on, the White House chief-of-staff General Kelly, retired general now, Gold Star parent, has been sitting back and watching with the media and the Democrats are doing, and keep in mind, unlike most of the president's critics, General Kelly actually knows what it means to serve the country. And more importantly, General Kelly actually knows the unimaginable pain of losing a family member in combat. By the way, he never got a call from President Obama.
But earlier today, General Kelly stepped into the White House briefing room and unloaded -- rightly so -- on Congresswoman Wilson and the media for their disgusting, shameless political tactics. And Kelly's emotional and powerful response is the single best takedown of the media I've ever seen. We're going to show you all of it. Watch this.
General Kelly talking about his own son, talking about people like Sergeant Johnson.
When we come back, the President weighs in heavily on the Uranium One Russia collusion cover-up. We have so much breaking news tonight. That is next as we continue from Vegas.
And welcome to "Hannity." And we are broadcasting tonight from Las Vegas. Now, we are going to explain exactly why later tonight. But first, massive bombshell breaking news developments in the biggest scandal ever involving Russia.
Now, we will continue to do with the corrupt lying mainstream media will not do because we will prove tonight they are complicit in what is a huge cover-up. We're going to explain how the Clintons and Obama administration created a massive national security crisis by handing Vladimir Putin of Russia and the Russian's 20 percent of America's uranium which is the foundational material to make nuclear weapons.
And tonight, we will explain in detail who and how many people knew that the Russians had infiltrated America's uranium market and how all of this was all before the Uranium One deal. That is the subject of tonight's mini monologue.
All right. John Solomon and Sara Carter, they're investigative reporters, they are the ones who have been breaking this Russia nuclear scandal wide open. Now, they're going to be joining us in just a little bit. And guess what? They have new stunning information tonight. Here's the headline from John Solomon's new report. It says, Bill Clinton sought state's permission to meet with Russian nuclear director during Obama uranium decision.
Now, according to John Solomon, while Bill Clinton was getting ready to collect $500,000 for a speech in Moscow, double his normal speaking fee, he was also seeking State Department clearance to meet with the key official with the Russian nuclear energy company involved in this Uranium One deal. Sara Carter also reporting, quote, "U.S. consulting firm with ties to the Clintons lobbied on behalf of Russia's nuclear giant."
Now Sara tonight is reporting that an American lobbying firm, that they took millions of dollars from a Russian state run nuclear energy corporation while at the same time providing pro-bono services to the Clinton Global Initiative. And that's not all, these payments took place in 2010 and 2011. Well, that's when Hillary Clinton was secretary of state and helped approve this Uranium One deal.
Now earlier today, the President weighed in heavily on this Russian collusion national security crisis and this is important. Watch this.
Thank God, the president is speaking out. He is absolutely correct and as we have been telling you now for months and months, Democrats, the fake news media, have been outright lying to you nonstop for over a year about Russia and what is really going on. Now, they've been creating distractions, feigning outrage, moral outrage. Pushing black helicopter conspiracy theories despite all the evidence that is in and they have no evidence on their side.
Now, this is all in an attempt to conceal now the real truth from you, the American people about Russia, about Vladimir Putin and what is now his successful efforts to infiltrate the American uranium market. Now, all the evidence of corruption and criminal conduct and one of the biggest scandals in American history has been sitting right in front of the Democrats, right in front of the media. But because they are rigid ideologues, they are choosing to ignore it. And by the way, that makes them complicit in putting all of us in America in danger.
Now, this new information that we have tonight builds on John Solomon and Sara Carter's reporting from earlier this week. Now, here are the highlights of what we know now and why there's such a massive scandal.
Now, back in 2009 -- 2009 -- the FBI discovered real evidence in the form of documents, emails, financial records from eyewitnesses and FBI informants that had infiltrated on behalf of the FBI, the Russian nuclear industry and meeting with these officials. All on behalf -- they are doing this on behalf of Vladimir Putin and Moscow. What were they doing? They were engaging in bribery. The FBI knew it. Kickbacks, the FBI knew it. Money laundering, the FBI knew it. Extortion and other types of racketeering and all sorts of other criminal conduct. Why was all of this happening? Because Vladimir Putin had a goal. He set out the corner America's uranium market.
Sadly because of the Obama administration, you've got Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, Eric Holder and all these others, because of their stupidity and their ineptness and corruption, Vladimir Putin succeeded.
Despite knowing all of this in 2009, when 2010 comes around, while the Russians were carrying out the bribery scheme and they had been doing it every year and the FBI knew over a year including Hillary Clinton and many others, they ended up still approving this corrupt Uranium One deal that gave 20 percent of America's uranium to Russia.
There's also another massive part of this story involving the Clintons. The Hill and CircaNews.com have also reported the FBI has evidence, this includes eyewitness accounts that the Russia nuclear officials were funneling millions and millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation while Hillary was actually serving as secretary of state and personally signing off on the Uranium One deal.
According to both explosive reports, the Obama administration, they hid the evidence of this Russian bribery plot from Congress. There's an FBI informant, he wanted to tell Congress, he wants to share it with Congress today and he wants to tell the American people. What's happened? He is been threatened with lawsuits and retribution of all kinds. You the American people, all of us should be outraged over what has happened here. By the way, we all need to demand answers.
The Clintons and Obama administration have created what is nothing short of a clear and present danger to those responsible. I say this, you need to be held accountable. You need to be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
We are also learning back in 2015, five years after this Uranium One deal was completed, and The New York Times reported that the Russian nuclear company Uranium One was actually exporting yellowcake uranium outside of the country to Canada and even though it did not have a license. So basically -- understand this -- the Obama administration, President Obama, Hillary Clinton, Eric Holder, what they allowed in this deal was Vladimir Putin to export yellowcake uranium which could be used to create nuclear warheads. And by the way, but he does with it, does anybody know? Is he giving it to North Korea or Iran? Nobody has any idea.
This is a direct national security threat to every man, woman, and child. Not only just in this country but around the world. As we've been telling you finally the Senate Judiciary Committee has announced they are launching an investigation into what top Obama administration officials knew about the evidence surrounding this corrupt Uranium One deal.
There are several key players that need to be hold before Congress, forced to testify, and needs to be under oath. They need to explain why they gave one of America's biggest adversaries control of 20 percent of our uranium supply.
Then of course the former Attorney General Eric Holder, well he was the head of the DOJ. They oversee the FBI. The FBI knew in 2009. He also sat on the committee that approved the Uranium One deal. There's no way that Holder did not know what Russia was trying to do. It is time for Mr. Holder to start talking and answering questions.
And then of course these -- names will all sound familiar -- the deputy attorney general today, Rod Rosenstein of course he is second under the Department of Justice under our Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Then we have Andrew McCabe. They actually oversaw the FBI operation into the Russia bribery case. So they clearly were well aware about what was taking place. They need to be put under oath. They need to tell us, why were they silent?
Then there is now the special counsel Robert Mueller. He was serving at the FBI director back in 2009 when the Russian bribery and money laundering all began. Mueller too. He should not be leading any probes into Russian collusion. Guess why? He should be answering questions about the real Russian scandal and he should be put under oath.
The conduct of Rod Rosenstein, McCabe, Mueller, frankly it's excusable. There's a massive conflict of interest. They told nobody and by the way in no way can they be trusted to conduct a fair investigation into anything that involves Russia when they were involve in this massive scandal. So it's time for them either to literally either resign, get out of the way or come public with everything they know. As of my position, I think they've been compromised. Especially when it comes to Russia. It's well past time for many of them to go. These people are corrupt and they've been compromised.
Finally, you've got the liberal mainstream media. For years, we've been telling you journalism is dead. They've been lying to you, the American people, for well over a year about Russia, Russia, Russia. The press has been spreading fake news conspiracy theories almost 24/7, nonstop. Why are they so silent in this case? Because they wanted to create as many distractions as possible to hide the truth. Here are just some of the examples of the liberal mainstream media in action, just to remind you. Take a look.
The corrupt, rigid, radical left-wing ideological media, and of course, their love of all things Clinton, they never investigated -- how did Bill Clinton double his speaking fees in Moscow and how was he praising this deal while in Moscow? And the money flowing, up to $145 million to the Clinton Foundation? She is signing off on the deal. Where did that money really come from?
The media has so much concerned about Russia, Russia, Russia and Russia influencing America and the dangers of Vladimir Putin. This could end up now being the biggest breaches of American national security in our history.
And after them telling us how dangerous Putin is and how dangerous Russia is? This is beyond media malpractice. This is an agenda. The media doesn't care about the truth. They don't care about the facts. The don't care about investigative reporting. Radical, rigid left-wing ideologues who lie to you on a regular basis and are hell-bent on one thing and one thing only: destroying President Trump.
That is why even after John Solomon and Sara Carter's reporting they have ignored this massive scandal. Imagine for just a second if Donald Trump ever gave 20 percent of America's uranium to Vladimir. How would they be reacting? And he got money kicked back to the Trump Foundation?
According to the Media Research Center, all network newscasts, they haven't touched this story. It is like a complete united blackout. The MRC found that CNN devoted a whopping 19 seconds to it. This is pathetic and it proves the point I've been making since 2007. Media in America is dead and in this case involving national security, they are complicit, totally and completely complicit in this scandal. Unbelievable.
Up next, Sara Carter and John Solomon are here with an exclusive report. Breaking news, new information. And later, I will tell you why we are here tonight in Las Vegas. Stay with us.
This is a Fox News alert. At the Senate has adopted a budget framework that will be key to passing President Trump's tax reform plan. Also tonight, new questions over the Clinton's involvement of the sale of Uranium One, the deal that gave 20 percent of America's uranium supply to Russia. Here now, these are the investigative reporters with all the new details. Joining us now from the Hill, we have John Solomon and from circa.com, we have Sara Carter. All right guys let me start with you. We don't have a lot of time. I tried to lay it all out, John I will begin with you. Bill Clinton is going for his big payday. $500,000 speech. He wants to speak with members, one of the highest ranking officials to serve on the board of supervisors for this nuclear facility. Then he has to check in with Hillary's state department. But then he meets with Putin himself. That is never been reported before.
But the bottom line is he is meeting and trying to meet with people involved in Vladimir Putin's schemes to take over the uranium market in the U.S. And getting paid for it at double his normal speaking fee. Isn't that true?
And Sara, yes, a good job as part of it, but Sara, she is signing off on this. And we've got the back end part of the deal where all this other money is coming in. In your report today, you've got a consulting firm working pro bono for the Clinton foundation, lobbying on behalf of Russia's nuclear giant, can you have a more incestuous group of people here?
Oh no, we are not going to believe them?
This is the guy that infiltrated on behalf the, in other words, they have all of this email evidence. They had all this evidence, eyewitness, testimony and he infiltrates. He knows everything and they are shutting this guy out. Why?
At Renaissance Capital, John and I only have 30 seconds here. The highest speaking fees. They have ties to the Kremlin. They were talking up Uranium One and they got him to talk up Uranium One.
Wow. Unbelievable. All right guys. A lot more tomorrow. We are going to get to the bottom of this. This is the real Russia collusion conspiracy and money, kick back it's disgusting. Laura Ingraham next as we continue and I will tell you why I am in Vegas here tonight.
As we continue from Las Vegas, I will tell you why we're here in a minute. Joining us now with more reaction on Kelly's powerful remarks earlier today, of course all those breaking news as it relates to Uranium One and the author of a brand-new book, "Billionaire At the Barricades," the populous revolution from Reagan to Trump and soon-to-be host, when are you going to start working? I don't understand. You get this show. And you are not on the show yet. What's up with that?
We can. John Kelly, I thought today gave one of the most powerful --
-- beat downs to the left, media, and those that hate this President today.
So we've got this Uranium One issue that is blown wide open in the media is ignoring it. You've got bribery, kickbacks, extortion, money laundering. And what we now know is they knew in 2009 and they had all of this evidence in 2009. And they still, Vladimir Putin, who the media has been talking about for a year clearly wanted to take over America's uranium marketplace and despite all that evidence, they shut down the eyewitness, they allowed it to go through and collusion one.
Our sworn enemy.
I got to say two things. Number one, congrats on the success of your book, I know you are appreciating your book tour.
Number two, can you please come to work?
Laura Ingraham is next, I'm sitting here ready every night.
We will see you on October 30th. All right we are in Las Vegas. When we come back, I will tell you why. Straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." And we are here in Vegas tonight to participate in a benefit concert for all these heroic first responders and victims of the horrific Las Vegas shooting. Now, Big and Rich are playing tonight, Rascal Flats are playing tonight. I have a chance to introduce them. We are going to broadcast a full hour tomorrow night. We will tell you the time later. I think you are going to enjoy seeing this, because they are all heroes. And I'm very impressed with the heroes.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 144  ***************************************************
 Now, after facing intense backlash, Depp -- well, he issued a half-assed apology, telling People magazine, quote, "Well, I apologize for the bad joke I attempted last night in poor taste about President Trump. It did not come out as I intended. And I intended no malice." Really? Assassination, no malice at all? Now, "I was only trying to amuse," he said, "not harm anyone." All right, the Secret Service is now saying it is aware of Depp's disturbing comments but is declining to mention if, in fact, there will be an investigation into Johnny Depp.
You know what? Enough is enough with this crap, this nonsense. The left's viciousness is now completely and totally and utterly out of control. There needs to be a very serious effort to thoroughly, completely investigate any person in this country that makes terroristic-like threats to the president. We must prosecute them to the fullest extent of the law.
Look, if you watch this how, you know I'm a champion of the 1st Amendment, freedom of speech. There's got to be some line when it comes to threatening the life of our president. And let me remind the left that just last week, Republicans were targeted by a radical left-wing ideologue in what was an assassination attempt. Steve Scalise was fighting for his life. And as I said then, we can only hold a person who commits crimes responsible for their actions, but we shouldn't be encouraging what is political violence!
And by the way, Johnny Depp -- he should stop attacking the president, maybe focus on his own problems since he has more than, what, enough to go around? And what's so deeply disturbing about Depp's threat is that it's only one example of this intense, violent vitriol, out-of-control anger coming from the left.
For example, we have new audio tonight of how a fired Nebraska Democratic official saying that he was glad that Congressman Steve Scalise was shot, hoping he'd die? Listen to this.
Oh, and by the way, over at the black helicopter tinfoil hat conspiracy theory news networks, NBC, you know, political analysts -- a former friend of the program, Maxie (ph) Shock (ph), she made these comments, made this comment about the president by comparing him to a suicide bomber. Elise, really?
Also tonight, another new disturbing example from Hollywood actress Patti LuPone. Watch what she says.
And if that's not enough or bad enough, there's a photo that is so graphic, we have to warn you about it before we put it up on your screen. Remember an 11-year-old son of the president saw this on television, Kathy Griffin making her ISIS-style pose with a bloodied and severe head of the president.
Then of course, the performance of Shakespeare in the park, "Julius Caesar," you know, a favorite of liberal Joe and Mika, Central Park, featuring a Donald Trump lookalike brutally stabbed and murdered on a nightly basis.
Now, in addition to all that, you have people like Robert De Niro wanting to punch the president in the face, and Mickey Rourke and Marilyn Manson advocating, saying publicly, speaking out for violence against the president.
Take a look at this headline from The Washington Free Beacon. Quote, "30 GOP congressmen have been attacked or threatened since May." Now, the left is suffering way beyond Trump derangement syndrome. This is now a psychosis, completely unhinged. Take a look at how vile some of their rhetoric has been just over the years. Watch and listen to this.
This psychotic viciousness, these threats of violence from the left -- it needs to stop. Now, I've been saying this for years. And by the way, for all you left-wing Soros-Clinton groups that always want to silence conservatives, let me give you a reminder of what I said about the need to protect our president, President Obama at the time -- 2014, numerous times I said this on radio and television. Just take a sneak peek at how I said to protect America's presidents when Obama was president.
If we're not protecting our presidents, we're not protecting our leaders, we've got a big problem. The rest of the world is watching this.
You're talking about protecting the president of the United States of America, and it's just -- there's no room for error. You got to protect our president. That represents the free world.
Here with reaction to all these breaking news stories, Fox News correspondent-at-large Geraldo Rivera, Fox News anchor, attorney Gregg Jarrett, Charlie Kirk, founder, executive director of Turning Point USA.
Geraldo, I begin with you. This isn't funny anymore.
This is beyond unhinged. This is a danger.
That's the point!
You can't make a threat!
And Gregg, back on the legal side, you -- you can't make terroristic threats to kill a president!
Well, what about Madonna--
What about dreaming about blowing up the Obama White House, Gregg, which I'd never do--
-- as I can prove in numerous -- the numerous times I said, Protect President Obama. He's America's president.
You know, and that's -- that's chilling. And by the way, something bad happened. We have congressmen targeted for assassination in Alexandria. Geraldo is (INAUDIBLE) Charlie, what's going on on college campuses?
That's scary.
Let me go back to Geraldo real quick. Geraldo, I agree with you, you know, especially in light of the assassination attempt. I make my living with the 1st Amendment. I defend everybody! There's got to be at this point, though -- I don't know whether to believe them, not believe them. I'm sorry, I can't read somebody's mind! If you're talking about blowing up the White House, if you're talking about assassinating a president, it -- I -- I -- we have to take that to be real, don't we?
All right, guys. I wish we had more time. Thank you all for being with us. Very important topic. Scary times we're living in.
When we come back, we have more on the Senate Judiciary, our top story tonight. They have opened up an investigation into Loretta Lynch. Jay Sekulow will give us the law, join us with reaction.
And also tonight, President Trump's daughter-in-law, Lara Trump, reacts to Johnny Depp's vicious comments.
Also, you don't want to miss, tonight, I will expose two men you likely don't even know that are responsible for all the fake news, all the black helicopter conspiracy theories that are being reported in the destroy Trump media.
Also, Ainsley Earhardt will talk about and her exclusive interview with President Trump as we continue breaking news on this busy Friday night.
Welcome back to "Hannity." This is a "Fox News Alert." Explosive news tonight regarding the former attorney general Loretta Lynch. The Senate Judiciary Committee has opened now an investigation, a problem into allegations of interference by Lynch into the FBI's investigation of Hillary Clinton's use of a private e-mail server.
And by the way, to add to the last segment, before we move on, Hillary Clinton tweeted earlier tonight, quote, "Forget death panels. If Republicans pass this bill, they are the death party."
Joining us now with, the counsel for the American -- chief counsel for the American Center for Law and Justice, also an attorney for the president, Jay Sekulow, is with us.
You know, I've been saying that this is all going to boomerang back. No evidence by anybody of any Russia collusion, 11 months of media lying and conspiracy theories. But it did open up the door that, OK, now we got to look at Loretta. Now we got to look at Hillary. And I would argue Hillary is going to be right behind Loretta Lynch in terms of investigation issues. Thoughts.
Let me ask one last question. I have been saying that Robert Mueller needs to recuse himself and get out. And he's also hired Hillary Clinton's lawyer and Obama and Clinton donors and Rosenstein's--
-- relationship with all this. But here's my question. The president spoke out in his interview with Ainsley this morning. And she's going to join us later in the program.
He even sees this as bothersome! Listen to what the president said.
This is the most extreme conflict of interest! This is the biggest case of investigative -- investigative mission creep, if you will, I've ever seen in my life! It is a witch hunt, but yet it keeps going on! And the people that should to be investigated, Hillary and Loretta Lynch, we're only just beginning that.
All right, Jay--
-- I'm going to -- I have to go, but--
Loretta Lynch needs to be investigated. And if there's wrongdoing, prosecuted. Hillary Clinton we know committed felonies. And I'll tell you what else. This deep state selective leaking to hurt or--
-- destroy a president must be cleaned up if this country is going to move forward and -- and the election results -- a duly elected president is able to do his job. That to me is number one.
The deep state is that dangerous.
All right, Jay--
Absolutely.
It has to be!
I want Hillary prosecuted because she committed felonies. That's just a fact. And if we deny that, then there's not equal justice under the law.
Jay, thank you.
Coming up -- so what does the president's family think about Johnny Depp's new assassination comments and all the other outrageous things said? We'll check in with the president's daughter-in-law, Lara Trump. She'll join us.
Also later, Ainsley Earhardt talks about her exclusive interview this morning with President Trump. Also tonight, she has an exclusive interview with Ivanka. We'll play some of that. It begins to air on Monday.
Also, ever wonder who's behind all the fake news in this country? Who is responsible for the conspiracy theory destroy Trump media? Two people you may never have heard of. We will expose them in one of the most important monologues coming up towards the end of the show.
Johnny Depp last night talking about the assassination of President Trump. Now, Depp has since supposedly apologized for those remarks.
But what does President Trump's family think about all these vicious, vile, hateful attacks? Well, joining us now is Trump for President senior adviser, the president's daughter-in-law, Eric Trump's wife, Lara Trump, is with us. How are you? Good to see you.
I'm sorry again that, you know, we have you back to talk about, you know, a lot of hatred that is focused right on your father-in-law and your family. And I know he has since said, "I intended no malice." OK, when you talk about assassination, how do you not intend malice?
"I intended no malice," does that sound like an apology?
What's very fascinating to me is I don't hear Nancy Pelosi saying guys, everybody on my side of the aisle stop. I don't hear Hillary saying it. I don't hear any real Democratic leaders saying it. Why are their voices so quiet in all of this? Because I've got to believe that if it was them, they would be very outspoken and probably attacking every conservative and demanding that they denounce it.
Yes. I actually think the real reason behind this is he is a threat to the establishment, to the deep state, to the swamp. And there are so many real swamp creatures Democrat and Republican, Lara. I mean, they are all over the map. And when I see what happened in Alexandria, Virginia, and we've got targeted assassinations now and target assassination list and literally a Nebraska Democrat praising the Scalise shooting, hoping this man dies when he was fighting for his life, and 30 GOP Congressman have been targeted because they support the president. This is not a one-off. This is not isolate. This is now leading to real violence and real assassination attempts. And I don't why the left, I don't know how the left continue to get away with this, because I know I would be targeted for firing and probably rightly so.
Yes. What specifically do you make of it? You have the silence, too, because every election season, although it's not true, I'm a conservative, conservatives are labeled racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic. I can't even think of all the phobias I'm supposed to have that I don't. But more particularly the attack against women. I don't know if you remember, Mitt Romney had, quote, "binders," women's resumes, women he wanted to hire. And it became, quote, "sexist" of him to have that. But the specific targeting of you and Ivanka and Melania, and even, we're not leaving an 11-year-old kid alone? Just leave the kid alone. Don't let him turn on the television and see an ISIS pose with the severed head, the bloodied head of his father.
All right, Lara Trump, thank you for being with us. And congrats, by the way, on your baby soon coming, congratulations.
And up next on this busy, breaking Friday news night tonight here on HANNITY.
The president addressing, speaking out about Comey and Mueller's relationship with "FOX AND FRIENDS" co-host Ainsley Earhardt. Ainsley will join us next with a full report tonight.
And later, we will expose the two men most responsible for fake news, conspiracy theory news in America. You don't know who they are. We will introduce you to them tonight in a special mini monologue.
Welcome back to "Hannity." "Fox & Friends" co-host Ainsley Earhardt got an exclusive interview with President Trump and the first lady Melania Trump. Also while in Washington Ainsley sat down with Ivanka Trump. That interview with air Monday on "Fox & Friends." But here is a preview of what they discussed. Take a look.
Ainsley's full interview with Ivanka will be airing on Monday beginning of course at 6:00 a.m. Ainsley Earhardt joins us now. All right, so wait a minute, you've got the president, the first lady, and the first daughter. I'm not doing my job. You're killing everybody here at the network, making us all look bad.
You have a good rapport with Ivanka. Tell us about it.
You asked her, and we keep hearing that Ivanka is more liberal than her dad and trying to pull her dad in a different direction. I've known her father for a couple of decades. He's not changing his mind if he doesn't want to change his mind. That's my feeling. But you asked her about these disagreements, and let's play that.
What she is saying is true based on my experience with the president and knowing him all these years is that he likes -- we used to have late night conversations about the Iraq war, and he would tell me all the time that I'm wrong, I'm wrong, I'm wrong. So he likes disagreement.
Speaking of knowing, I knew the minute he said when he tweeted James Comey, don't lie. Who knows, there may be tapes. I knew he didn't tape them. But he did want to cast doubt in the mind of James Comey because he knew way before the rest of us did that Comey was very angry and disgruntled. You asked him a good question about this. I want to show our audience this.
Ainsley, what I really liked about that is it was just a really brilliant jujitsu, I thought, because he knew how disgruntled James Comey was. More importantly, he was also exposing something. In this day and age of surveillance, unmasking, and leaking intelligence, who knows if any one of us are being spied upon at any given moment? I thought it was a double whammy for him in a good way.
In this day and age of surveillance, who knows? Ainsley, Great interview. So you have got Ivanka, Melania, and President Trump. You're making all of us look really bad, but congratulations, and thank you for sharing it with us.
The full interview with Ivanka airs Monday morning starting at 6:00 a.m. on "Fox & Friends."
But first, the most important mini monologue I give. We will expose the two men most responsible for fake news conspiracy theories in the destroy- Trump media today. You probably don't know them. I will tell you who they are. That's next.
Welcome back to "Hannity." All right, remember back in 2007 and 2008, I kept saying journalism in America is dead. And every week right here on this program we uncover more and more examples of bias, anti- conservative, anti-Trump, destroy-Trump news that makes my point.
Tonight I want to expose two men who are largely responsible for peddling all of this political propaganda. This is an important, revealing mini monologue.
All right, each and every day, CNN, MSNBC, they churn out that health dose of liberal spin conspiracy theories to their viewers. Who is behind the destroy-Trump media strategy? Look no further than the fake news chiefs themselves, the president of CNN Worldwide Jeff Zucker, the chairman of NBC news, MSNBC Andy Lack. So what do we know about Zucker and Lack, besides that they'll never hire me and I never want to work for them.
First Jeff Zucker, Harvard educated, long time Manhattan, New York elitist. He rose up the ranks at the very liberal NBC before finally moving to CNN to become its president in 2013. And recently Zucker was quoted in "Variety" as saying "It's really the renaissance of journalism in America because of the nature of what is going on." Really, the renaissance of journalism? OK, let's pause for a minute to take a look at what the so- called renaissance of journalism looks like at the Clinton News Network. Let's take a look.
Jeff Zucker, are you really proud? Do you really believe that that is a renaissance in journalism? Now, remember, according to the president, President Trump, he actually said he helped get Zucker his job with CNN. Wow. I guess no good deed goes unpunished.
Now let's take a look at the NBC News chairman Andy Lack. Lack, by the way, is a New York City native, a liberal, a longtime so called journalism. He started his career at CBS ultimately becoming the president of NBC news in the early 90s. Lack then bounced around to a few other corporations before returning to NBC News as its president in 2015. At the time "Variety" reported, quote, "Andrew Lack returns to NBC as news chief will face challenges restoring credibility." So has Andy Lack succeeded in restoring credibility over at NBC News? We report, you decide, fair and balanced. Watch this.
Really? A schmuck? You call the president a thug, a goon, daily unhinged, emotional outbursts, daily, NBC News. And by the way, if you think that's bad, remember NBC now has even been known to float bizarre tinfoil hat, black helicopter Russian conspiracy theories night after night after night for months and months and months. Of course their flagship program on cable, "The Rachel Maddow Show." Watch the theories evolve daily.
If it wasn't so sad, it's actually funny. So I ask, Andy, are you proud of that kind of reporting? Tom Brokaw, are you proud of that? Our former colleague, Megyn Kelly, I think is a better journalist than that on her worst day. Are you proud Megyn? Are you proud, Matt Lauer?
In case you're still wondering what party affiliation these two fake news chiefs belong to, look no further than their campaign contributions. Since 2000 Jeff Zucker's wife has donated a whopping couple of thousand dollars to the DNC. And that pales in comparison to the very generous Andy Lack and the Lack family. Andrew, he's contributed over $50,000 to Democrats since 2002, including President Obama, Hillary Clinton, Maxine Waters, Barbara Boxer. And meanwhile, his wife, Betsy, she has contributed more than $100,000 to Democratic candidates and causes.
And coming up, we need your help, a very important "Question of the Day," straight ahead.
All right, welcome back to "Hannity." Time for our Friday "Question of the Day." We just told you about Andy Lack and Jeff Zucker. Do you think they need to be a little bit more responsible regarding the coverage of their networks and the destroy-Trump media's attempt to take down this president? We'd like to hear from you. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
All right, the week's over. That's all of the time we have left this evening, this week. Hope you have a great weekend, fair and balanced always here on "Hannity." We'll see you back here on Monday.

show#: 145  ***************************************************
 All right. President Trump's key campaign promise, build that wall, takes a major step forward today. The president toured border wall prototypes during a visit to San Diego, California.
Let's take a look.
Those are the ones we're not using. All right. Good idea.
The president also stressed the need for much tighter border security during a speech at a naval base in San Diego. Take a look at this.
And the president is blasting the liberal bastion of California and their Governor Jerry Brown and, of course, a very liberal mayor of Oakland for championing sanctuary policies that literally put criminal illegal immigrants before American citizens and their safety.
Watch this.
So, the state of California is literally putting American lives in danger. Why? Because they won't follow the law, cooperate with federal immigration officials, and they are trying to do their job, arrest illegal immigrant criminals and remove them from the country.
This is a national security issues. Democrats -- sadly, they are putting politics and subjecting Americans to unnecessary dangers. If one American is a victim of a crime committed by people that have no business being in this country, that we know committed other crimes, then Democrats in California -- well, they will have to own that.
And what's so despicable about all of this is that Democrats continue to lie and misrepresent the facts when it comes to illegal immigrant crime.
Here are just a couple of statistics that the left in this country don't want you to know about. According to the Migration Policy Institute, look at that, about 820,000 of 11 million illegal immigrants in America are convicted criminals. The U.S. Sentencing Commission has also found illegal immigrants account for 13 percent of non-immigration related federal sentencing during the fiscal year 2016. That's despite the fact that these illegal immigrants, they only make up 3.5 percent of the population.
It is a stunning number and that number only relates to federal sentences. It is much higher when you include convictions by state and local authorities. It is beyond shameful that the left, Democrats, Jerry Brown, this Oakland mayor, they ignore the irrefutable data that is out there and they continue to protect criminal illegal immigrants. Liberals have also no clue about what actually happens at the border.
I've been down there. We've shown you. I've been at least a dozen times from the Rio Grande, the San Diego on horseback, on all-terrain vehicles, boats, look at me riding a horse. I nearly fell off.
We've been all over on boats and everything. I've seen the arrests of gang members. I've seen the drug tunnels. I've seen a drug warehouses and everything in between. In 2014, I sat on them as border briefing about border security with then-Texas Governor Rick Perry. During a seven-year period, illegal immigrants committed 642,000 crimes against Texans alone.
This is a serious problem. When are we going to put the safety of the American people first? Watch this.
Six hundred and forty-two thousand crimes since --
In Texas alone?
That's the truth about illegal immigrant crime in this country.
The number on it, they don't lie, but the left does lie. That's a sad. We actually sent a producer to talk to protesters that were gathered outside of the area where president Trump was viewing fees border wall prototypes today.
Listen to what these protesters say.
Really? Really?
Here's another piece of key information the left desperately wants to keep secret from you, the American people. We like to tell you the truth. According to the Center for Immigration Studies, President Trump $18 billion border wall, it would actually pay for itself by reducing illegal immigrant crime. That means drugs coming across the border, reducing the number of federal benefits going to illegal immigrants that don't respect our sovereignty, don't respect our laws.
Also tonight, we have new bombshell information about that Clinton bought and paid for dossier. There is a new book called 'Russian Roulette.' It's written by liberal journalists, Michael Isikoff and David Corn, it's meant to smear President Trump. But instead, it is confirming very key pieces of information that we've been telling you all about.
'The Daily Caller,' they obtained a copy of this book. They were reporting that Barack Obama's 2012 campaign -- now, this is fascinating -- they actually paid Fusion GPS $3 million for oppo research on Mitt Romney.
The Obama campaign, they were able to hide it -- get this -- by funneling payments to Fusion GPS through that law firm Perkins Coie, that's the same one that Hillary used.
We reached out to both president Obama and his campaign. They never got back to us.
This is the exact same thing that Hillary Clinton did, except she and the DNC, well, they didn't pay 3 million. They paid over $12 million for a dossier that used Russian government sources and lies and misinformation and propaganda. And 'The Daily Caller' is also reporting on another key piece of information from a book. Former British by Christopher Steele openly doubted his own dossier to his friends, and especially one of the biggest pieces of fake news from a dossier, he had no clue if it was true. It was kind of 50/50 if it's true.
And, of course, I'm talking about the completely ridiculous, still never verified, fabricated story about Donald Trump and hookers at the Ritz-Carlton in Moscow urinating in the bed. So, Steele didn't think it was true but he included it anyway, and Hillary bought it. And then she gave it to the FBI.
The FBI didn't do their job. They never verified it, they never corroborated it, which is not only protocol but that is what the FISA law tells them to do. And then the FBI used it to secure a FISA warrant, that same thing Christopher Steele didn't even believe in, to spy on an opposition party candidate in an election year.
And then, of course, they never told the FISA judge that the Clinton campaign and the DNC pay for these unverified, salacious lies, and nobody had any clue if it was true. Wow.
And 'The Daily Caller' is also highlighting how the book reveals a key source behind this Ritz-Carlton claim. Well, it turns out that it's a foreign businessman named Sergei Millian. The thing is, Sergei is telling 'The Daily Caller' that the dossier is, quote, garbage news.
Well, that wasn't hard to figure out. Why didn't the FBI do it?
And finally, 'The Washington times' reporting on yet another major revelation. Senior Obama State Department official Victoria Nuland actually gave the original approval for an FBI agent to meet with Christopher Steele about the fake news dossier. And that means the Obama administration was directly involved.
We also reached out to Nuland for comment. Her spokesperson -- well, got back to us but never directly addressed our questions. Instead, he just directed us to old interviews that she had done on the topic. Gee, thanks very much.
This new revelation is a very key piece of information. Why? Because it started the entire process of spying on a Trump campaign associate and then ultimately the Trump campaign. So, how is it possible -- think about this -- in the United States of America, the FBI never corroborated this phony dossier with Russian lies, it violated its own protocols, the FISA law itself? This is a massive abuse of power.
By the way, the full scope of this is now only slowly being revealed. And it's only because a few of us are working hard to get you the truth. There is even more explosive information that, you know, is going to come out in time. So, I say to everybody out there, tick tock, stay with us.
All right. Finally tonight, ranking Democratic member on the House Intel Committee, liberal Adam Schiff, well, we know he's proven to be a liar, you know, for over a year now, he's been orchestrating nothing short of a propaganda, misinformation campaign against President Trump to delegitimize him and hopefully even take him out of office. By the way, Vladimir Putin would be proud of all the work Schiff is doing.
Remember, the Russians' main goal -- what do we learn? -- was to sow political discord. And guess what? That is exactly what Congressman Schiff has been doing in this country nonstop, even though he is now known the entire time, no evidence, no proof whatsoever of Russia-Trump collusion.
Take a look at Congressman Schiff. This is the evolution over time on this issue. Take a look at this.
OK, that means he has no proof. Great job, Meghan McCain. And Congressman Schiff has proven to be a national embarrassment, deliberately, maliciously misleading the American people. And he's also, of course, selectively been leaking like a faucet to try and damage and discredit witnesses that appear before the House Intel Committee.
Immediately after Republicans reach their findings, Schiff races over to conspiracy TV MSNBC where he wants a job desperately to spin a new narrative because the old narrative didn't work. Watch this.
Fourteen months you have investigating this over at the Intel Committee. What are you and all your Democratic colleagues, potted plants? What have you been doing? And if you have the evidence, bring it forward, bring it right here on the show. We'll show it to the audience.
Anyway, after that appearance on conspiracy TV, Schiff is continuing to play politics with zero evidence that he can put forward. Again, is this good for the country?
Take a look.
Fourteen months, no evidence, and he wants to keep going.
Schiff is just an example of everything that is wrong in our modern-day political system. He has no business being in Congress. Everything that comes out of his mouth is a lie. He has zero credibility.
For example, just today, Democrats on the House Intel Committee announced that they're going to continue the Russia investigation on their own. And they're going to try and counter the findings from Republicans. Oh, you think you would have known in 14 months.
Here with reaction, our top story tonight, FOX News correspondent at large, Geraldo Rivera, NRA TV contributor and former Secret Service agent, Dan Bongino.
You know, Geraldo, I watch this every day. Schiff is now saying, oh, they ended the investigation early. We have a Senate investigation. We have a special counsel investigation. We have the House Intel Investigation. We have people on their own -- and nobody has brought even a scintilla of evidence about collusion.
How long do they get to lie to the country before enough is enough?
Dan Bongino, I -- you know, there comes a point, OK, they thought this happened. But it's interesting how this boomerang back.
And what do we find? Hillary paid for the Russian lies. Hillary paid for the unverified dossier. The FBI got her off the hook because they rig the investigation into her.
And then the FISA courts -- I mean, I think the fact that all of that is there and you don't hear about it from the media, it's beyond any comprehension I have. When they say they are supposed to be about finding truth and being fair, balanced, and subjective. I just don't see it anywhere.
You know, I never thought it would be this bad. The article comes out, Geraldo, and, you've been in this business a long time. I'm throwing your 50th year on the air party. You have had a career that nobody can rival. I applaud you for all of it. I really do.
But when you see a former 'New York Times' -- there is the picture -- you know, Jill Abramson, and the headline is she actually keeps an Obama doll in her purse for comfort. I can't even wrap my arms around how sick and twisted and traumatized the left has been because we need to give them to a lot of people in the media.
We know -- I will buy up a whole stock of Obama dolls and send them to everyone that works at CNN fake news and conspiracy TV MS, starting with crazy, you know, liberal Joe in the morning. He needs one of these Obama dolls to make him feel better.
All right. Grade reporting, both of you. We appreciate it. Geraldo, thank you, and Dan Bongino.
When we come back, Ed Henry and Sebastian Gorka, on major news at the State Department and CIA, straight ahead.
We have other big news out of Washington tonight. Rex Tillerson, he is out as secretary of state. President Trump now nominating current CIA director Mike Pompeo to replace Tillerson and the president has picked Gina Haspel, who was a seasoned spy master with a track record of being tough on terror and terrorists to replace Pompeo.
Now, Haspel will become the first female director in CIA history if, in fact, she is confirmed. However, tonight, there is talk about Democrats may fight Haspel's historic nomination due to her past involvement running overseas black sites that were set up following the 9/11 terrorist attacks that killed 3,000 Americans.
Joining us now with more, Fox News chief national correspondent, Ed Henry. By the way, Ed will be filling in for our own Shannon Bream tonight at 11:00 Eastern. Also, with us, Fox News national strategist, former deputy assistant to the president, Dr. Sebastian Gorka.
You know, Ed, the amazing thing about this, 3,000 Americans were killed here, 3,000. If you go to Gitmo, there were three people total that were waterboarded in spite all the debate we had in the country, three. One of them was Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, which because of that action, yeah, it's definitely tough, it led to the courier, and that led to bin Laden, and that led to killing bin Laden, without which he would probably still be alive today.
We can't have evil exist in this world without doing something to counter it. And if it means that terrorists caught on the battlefield are forced to answer questions, well, sadly that is what you have to do because you are dealing with evil.
Wow.
Good luck taking that position. But I guarantee by the time all said and done, they will back off.
I've known Mike Pompeo, Dr. Sebastian Gorka, for a long time. I like him. I -- he has a tough job. He did a good job as the CIA director. Yes, a lot of mess to clean up. I'm not sure how far he's gotten in all that.
And the thing I like about Pompeo, you're always able to have a conversation with him and he would listen. Whether you agree or disagree. I found him -- in the case of Rex Tillerson, I never talked to the guy wants. He seemed never to be available for the media. And he was at odds especially on the Iranian policy of the president.
Let me ask one.
One last question for Dr. Gorka. You know, you look at the House Intel report. No evidence, 14 months in, of Trump-Russia collusion and they want to keep going and going and going. And then you got a special counsel that -- it appears nothing is related to Trump Russian collusion, that he is even investigating.
Everybody is spreading the rumors.
Well said. All right, guys, good to see you, by the way Ed, we'll be watching tonight.
Ed Henry filling in for Shannon Bream at 11:00 Eastern, 8:00 Pacific. All right, when we come back, I have a mini monologue on people like Louis Farrakhan and Hillary Clinton, and why the Democrats say this horrific things and support horrific people. And we're awaiting the election results in Pennsylvania, that special election, in the 18th congressional district. We'll follow that, as well. Straight ahead.
All right. For decades, the left, what have they've employed? Identity politics in order to divide America. And of course, we see this every elections, manipulate the elections. The race card, the gender card, rich versus poor, old versus young, men versus women, now these are all tactics, predictable tactics, that the left uses in order to claim the moral high ground. Now, of course, this despicable strategy is built on a foundation of lies.
Now, for years, prominent elected Democrats, they have palled around with one of America's biggest, most prominent racist and anti-Semite, a guy by the name of Louis Farrakhan. And there's Hillary Clinton, as she continues to play the race and gender card and is still whining and making excuses about why she lost the election.
And in the process, she is insulting women and every American who voted for Donald Trump. We'll break that down in tonight's mini monologue.
All right. So, Louis Farrakhan, he purports to be a great leader, administer of the Nation of Islam. But in reality, he is a small-minded bigoted racist, who pedals hatred, and of course, conspiracy theories to anybody that will listen to him. And sadly, this includes, eight Democratic members of Congress, and even Barack Obama was pictured at an event with Farrakhan, prior to becoming president in 2005.
Now, during the 2008 election, the Congressional Black Caucus, they made sure that no American saw that picture. That picture never saw the light of day. And that is according to the man who actually took the picture. Now, tonight, we're asking one obvious question. If these Democrats really cared as they say about combatting racism, pushing equality, why would they have ties to that vile human being? Here are just a few of his bigoted views. Take a look.
Tear the country apart. Wow, now in light of even the more bigoted remarks made by Farrakhan in January, House Republican introduce to resolution condemning him and the RNC released a memo, which calls out members of Congress that have ties to Farrakhan calling them, quote, "the hateful Farrakhan eight."
Where is the moral outrage of the left? Where are the Democrats calling for Ellison, Waters and others, to explain their ties to this bigot racist and anti-Semite? By the way, spoiler alert, you are not going to hear outrage from liberals on this topic. Why? It doesn't help them politically. That's sad.
And then, of course, you have Hillary Clinton, doing an appearance, in India over the weekend. Hillary made no mention of Farrakhan. But instead, she served up a big cup of Democratic identity politics, all while slamming those irredeemable deplorables, people who voted for Donald Trump, with a special slam for white women. Really? Watch this.
How insulting are those remarks? In her mind, all white women who voted for Trump only listen to men. You don't think she should apologize to those offensive remarks? Joining us now with reaction, Fox news contributor, Tomi Lahren, and Catalina Magazine publisher, Cathy Areu. Is Farrakhan a racist and anti-Semite?
What about the -- what about all these Democrats that are friends with him, take pictures with him, go to events with him?
No, no, no.
Recently. Let me correct--
All right every -- he is -- he's been known -- known anti-Semite.
And a known -- can I finish?
And a known racist.
And he made these remarks last week and these guys won't say a negative word about him.
And what is the (inaudible) that is racist?
What's racist?
OK.
Stop. No, no.
Can I just put this --
He never ever said, that, you know, -- if you have to lie to make a point on this program --
Lie.
So, this President Trump, some, and you know what? I went down to Texas --
That is correct. He said --
-- he said some. That is correct.
And there is a bit -- some are. Some.
Now many come here, because they want opportunities. But some come here and they commit crimes.
Kate Steinly, for example.
Let's bring in Tomi Lahren. Tomi?
But Tomi, the problem is Cathy made up something that Trump said. Now many people come here from countries because they want hope and opportunity.
But, when I sat through that briefing that I showed earlier, Tomi, 642,000 crimes committed against Texans in the seven year period, by illegal immigrant, criminals and some of those crimes were murder.
So some --
No, he never said those words ever, ever.
Why do you have to make up words he didn't say to make your point?
Why can't you just say that this Democratic powers -- they should condemn Farrakhan and denounce him and stay away from him?
I wouldn't -- David Duke, I wouldn't go near him.
Excuse me, there are eight Congressman that won't say a negative word against him, you are missing the point.
They are not getting paid.
Oh, OK. You have to be paid by the racist and anti-Semite --
But you can hang out with him as long as you're paid.
OK.
Joe Concha, when we comeback. Thank you both. The most outrageous meltdowns in the media, in the last 24 hours.
All right. Welcome back to 'Hannity.' I have often said, journalism in America is dead and it's been buried since 2007. This past 24 hours of press coverage, well, once again, this proves my point. Let's start with the media's coverage of the House Intel Committee. They released a report that says, Donald Trump, no Russia collusion. Let us watch the coverage.
And earlier today, the media was quick to slam Trump's new pick ahead the CIA. Take a look.
Here with reaction from 'The Hill,' media critic, analyst, Joe Concha. What's up, sir?
What is you're -- you know, it's so predictable. You know, that is a big deal, after 14 months that the House Intel Committee and Adam Schiff himself, who got destroyed by Megan McCain, can't say one -- give us one bit of evidence of Trump-Russia collusion.
So I'm looking at this Pennsylvania race that has been going on. With all due respect to the Republican, a weak candidate, came in third to a district that is going to change. Right now, it's about 2,500 vote difference with 520 or 593 precincts reporting, very close race. No matter -- if the guy won -- if he didn't win by 20 points, it was going to be a Trump loss.
If he wins, it's going to be a Trump loss. If the other guy wins, it is going to -- and if other candidates means nothing in this particular race. Then we have the big blue wave that was going to happen in Texas, they've ignored that, because it didn't come back the way they wanted. Are we wrong to interpret or the media interpret these elections and not factor in who the candidates are and what is going on, in those particular districts?
Real quick, 20 seconds.
We got to go.
When we comeback.
Thanks, Joe.
We'll going to look at that race in Pennsylvania. Very close, look at that, 49-49. We will have an update next.
All right. We are following this race in Pennsylvanian. Look at that, 49.9, 49.5, our own Bret Baier, Special Report. We have 563 of 593 districts reporting. Bret Baier it doesn't really get closer than that. 101907, 100979, wow, close.
What do you think?
Yes.
1,259, you are right.
In just three months.
That is an amazing part of the story, that nobody has been -- I'm not getting after Saccone, but he was not the strongest candidate, just quickly, explain that.
Right.
Yes. Very exciting. We will have -- no matter what happens here, Donald Trump wouldn't win it, unless he got 22 percent of the vote, which wasn't going to happen with this candidate. There is only so much one person can do. All right. Bret, we will be watching. Stay with the Fox News channel. We will have continuing coverage of this special election in Pennsylvania.
There -- she is going to get -- why do you get the final result and I don't.
So unfair.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 146  ***************************************************
 All right. All you members of the Trump-hating media, we know you're watching.
Well, let's start with a little news flash for you. President Trump did not -- let me repeat -- did not fire the special counsel Robert Mueller. So, all of you rigid, radical, left-wing ideologues, you need to take a collective deep breath or Xanax or a drink whatever works better. Now, you can take it and you can breathe in through the nose and out through the mouth and see if you can stop with your hysteria, you're breathless reporting, this rampant speculation.
And I want you to listen closely, President Trump, he did not fire the special counsel Robert Mueller. In fact, the president and his legal team have been more than cooperative, they have voluntarily handed over 20,000 pages to the special counsel. In total, Robert Mueller has collected 1.4 million pages of documents from the campaign.
And then there's this, according to The New York Times and other liberal media outlets, President Trump demanded Robert Mueller be fired. But Fox News tonight is reporting the president did not order Mueller to be removed. Instead, there was just a conversation back in June about the possibility given Mueller's massive conflicts of interest.
This is why last night, I did not and will never in the future trust The New York Times because they have gotten it wrong time after time after time, and it's why President Trump is ripping the so-called paper of record, let's take a look.
See facts truth. We've been telling you for a long time it doesn't matter to the liberal mainstream media and it's why last night when The New York Times posted their story about ten minutes until show time for this show, the media goes into a frenzy, they're foaming at the mouth. They completely lost it.
It's funny on the one hand but sad because journalism is dead. Watch this.
It is so pathetically predictable from the news media. You know what? They never waste an opportunity to smear this president, peddled fake news. They don't care any longer about the truth. That's sad.
Now, their singular goal is to damage, destroy President Trump. You can see an hour in, hour out, day in, day out, minute by minute. It's why the media has been getting caught in the wrong, countless times, so-called major news stories.
Let's give you a few examples just from last year. Remember fake news CNN, the sh-hole network -- well, they falsely reported that Donald Trump Jr. received an email by WikiLeaks in advance of their release of the DNC emails and other documents. Well, it turned out that fake news CNN -- well, they got the date of the email totally wrong, it came one day after WikiLeaks made the DNC documents public.
Remember ABC's Brian Ross -- spectacularly wrong when he reported the former national security adviser, General Michael Flynn, that he was going to testify the President Trump ordered him during the campaign to contact Russian officials. Oh, that fake news actually tanked the stock market and Ross then had to issue a correction, saying, oh, it happened during the transition, which means he was talking to a future counterpart, a huge difference. Now, Ross was suspended and is now banned from even covering President Trump. I can think of a lot of other people that should be banned as well.
Now, we also have a totally dishonest Washington Post reporter -- this is David Weigel. And he posts a picture from President Trump's recent rally showing that little tiny itsy-bitsy crowd and the caption reads packed to the rafters. Here's the problem, that picture is deceptive because it was taken before most people had gotten in there. And why go later -- well, I'm sorry, Weigel later apologized and deleted the tweet. Whoopsie-daisy.
Well, that's your media at its finest at work, and by the way, those are only a few of the many examples of epic fake news screw-ups and anonymous sourcing, of course. It's why The New York Times, you know, they report about Robert Mueller and the media is over the top, the sky is falling down, hysteria, coverage, breathless coverage.
Well, it's not surprising, for over a year, they have been pushing conspiracy theories. They have been chasing ghosts about Trump-Russia collusion and we still have no evidence. Now, meanwhile, the media has been completely oblivious to the biggest stories it's right there of their lifetime. Now, from what we've seen, it's shaping up to be the biggest scandal in American history, and they have missed the boat.
Now, this is going to make Watergate look like an afterthought and only a fraction of the information is yet to come out. We have been uncovering and reporting night after night on massive, severe constitutional abuses that were committed by top ranking Obama DOJ, FBI officials against the Trump campaign.
New evidence is also showing that the Clinton email investigation was a total sham. It was rigged. The fix was in. And tonight, we have new text messages from corrupt, Trump-bashing FBI lovers Peter Strzok and Lisa Page in a new exchange it appears the couple was leaking information about the Clinton email investigation to the media.
Look at the date, just before the election. October 28, 2016, after news broke that the FBI found Huma Abedin's emails on creepy Anthony Weiner's laptop computer, Lisa Page writes, well, still on with Devlin, Politico is saying that's now Washington Post reporter Devlin Barrett. And Page finishes, Mike's phone is on fire. Strzok responds, it's on the news, then adds, you may want to tell Devlin he should turn on CNN, there's news going on. And Strzok also says, sorry.
And then Page replies, he knows he just got handed a note and Strzok says, ha, he's asking about it now? And Page answers, yes, it was pretty funny, coming now. Now, minutes after those texts are sent, Devlin Barrett then writes on Twitter sources are telling him that emails on Weiner's computer might not be new and instead were just copies of Clinton emails that the FBI has already looked at.
Now, we reached out to the reporter and he told us no comment. Shocking.
So we have what looks like leaks from Page and Strzok and there's so many more 50,000 total. This is only the tip of the iceberg.
Let's go back to February 26th, 2016. Look at this, Page messaging her boyfriend Strzok, one more thing, she might be our next president. The last thing you need is us going in there loaded for bear, you think she's going to remember or care that it was more DOJ than FBI? And Strzok replies, agreed.
So, on February, Strzok and Page are actually saying they're worried about actually investigating Clinton because she might end up being mad at them and may want revenge if she wins because they think she's going to win and they're trying to help her. Then just months later, in May, remember it was James Comey and Strzok and other key FBI officials, they started writing Clinton's exoneration statement. This is months before interviewing her and 17 other key witnesses. When do you write an exoneration before an investigation?
Now, this is where they change the language, remember, from the legal standard. Gross negligence is a crime. They take that out. They put in extreme carelessness means the same thing but legally, a very big distinction.
Well, that means they gave Clinton to get out of jail free card, then they also alter language about foreign actors, likely hacking Clinton's server. That puts people's lives at risk and they removed a reference to Clinton emailing with then-President Obama, which means he knew about the server. That means he needs to be investigated. That means he needs to be put under oath.
So, in other words, the fix on the email server scandal was in. Now, remember, any of these issues that we're talking about with the email service scandal, they're all crimes, mishandling classified information, destroying top-secret classified special access program information -- they're all crimes. Deleting 33,000 subpoenaed emails crime, acid washing, bleach bit, hard drives, crime, that's obstruction. Bashing devices with hammers, obstruction.
So, you have Strzok and Page literally putting the fix in, along with Kobe and apparently McCabe and Loretta Lynch all knew, and they're talking about the need at one point for a special counsel to investigate Clinton's emails.
On March 18th, Strzok writes, thought of the perfect person and they can bounce off of. Page asked, who and responds, Pat, who's Senator Grassley says is Patrick Fitzgerald, the special counsel, remember, in the Valerie Plame affair. He's the guy that put innocent Scooter Libby in jail or got him a guilty plea in that case, and you got to give me some credit if we go with him and delay briefing him until I can get back and do it, in other words with his own prejudice, his own point of view, his own spin, late next week or later he says.
And then Strzok says later, I could work with him again and damn, we get blank done. And Page follows up with, I know, like I said, we discussed boss and him yesterday. And on May 13th, 2016, Page follows up on the idea she says to Strzok. Hey, forgot to ask if you mentioned the whole special counsel thing to Andy. We assume that's Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe.
Now, what Strzok and Page are doing here is stunning and here's why. Strzok had a massive, massive role in the entire Clinton email probe. He oversaw the interview with Hillary Clinton and her top aides long after they wrote the exoneration, and Page as you might remember was McCabe's legal counselor, and they're both saying special counsel is needed, which means that they had doubts that the FBI would do a real investigation which they didn't do.
Now, Senator Ron Johnson also made news this week, releasing text messages on May 19th, Strzok appears to be talking about getting an offer to join Mueller's investigation. This is key here -- Strzok says, oh, my answer is no, I don't want to join that investigation, and then you know the lead division and then I think, wait a minute, this may be a case, we'll be in the history books, a chapter, much like you tell me about my extra time in the field in all the field cases, would you trade it? A million people sitting in odd (ph) and staff jobs, this is a chance to do. It maybe the most important case of our lives.
And around minutes later, Strzok asked Page the question, an investigation leading to impeachment? He's the one that said there's no there there.
So, in this case it seems like Strzok knew that Mueller was going to try and impeach the president and he wanted to be a part of history, but he didn't think there was any there there.
Go back to May 19th in the exchange. Two days after, Mueller was named special counsel, Strzok says, you and I both know the odds are nothing if I thought it was likely I'd be there, no question. I hesitate in part because of my gut sense and concerned there's no big there there.
So, Strzok who served -- it was a top intelligence official at the FBI. He signed the papers to start this phony Russia investigation, and he's saying that he knew from the start that Mueller would be carrying out a witch hunt. He didn't know if he wanted to be a part of it, and revelations about former Attorney General Loretta Lynch and her involvement in the Clinton email server cover-up.
Now, it's June 2016, remember Bill Clinton, he meets Loretta Lynch on a tarmac that supposedly talking about grandchildren for 40 minutes, which causes Lynch to say on July 1st, that she was, you know, literally stepping away from the investigation and she would accept whatever the FBI concluded.
Now, keep in mind all of this is before Hillary Clinton's interviewed. That happened on the 4th of July weekend, three days later. So, after Lynch's statement, is she's going to step back here, let the FBI decide she'll go along with what they decide after she met with Bill Clinton on the tarmac, well, Strzok he writes back to Page, timing looks like hell, talking about Clinton and Lynch meeting on the tarmac. Page replies, yes, awful timing, and Page later adds, it's a real profile in courage, meaning Loretta Lynch, since she knows no charges will be brought.
Here's a problem, no decision was made. Four days later -- well three days later, Hillary's interviewed, four days later, Comey holds his press conference, spends and a half minutes laying out the case that Hillary Clinton should be indicted and at the last 30 seconds of that lets her off the hook.
So, you have Strzok and Paige and Lynch and Andrew McCabe and James Comey all apparently knowing Clinton's never going to get charged and the Obama administration put the fix in.
The corruption here if you're a New York Times writer is unprecedented. You should maybe be covering a real story, because when you put it all together here's what it all means, you have Hillary Clinton we now know fix the primary against Bernie Sanders or I'll use Donna Brazile's word, rigged it. Then Strzok, Comey, Lynch, McCabe, others, they all put to fix in. That allows Clinton to stay in the presidential race, they don't want to rock the boat, they want her to beat Donald Trump, so they're overlooked the crimes, the obvious crimes, with the incontrovertible evidence.
Clinton and the DNC, then they try to influence the election, with a bought and paid for $12 million Russian dossier full of Russian salacious lies and propaganda and the Obama administration, they took the dossier, they weaponized the powerful tools of surveillance and intelligence and then use the phony dossier to get a FISA warrant to target members of then the Trump campaign and later the incoming president.
If this isn't Watergate on steroids and every single person involved not investigated and not prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law we have shredded our Constitution, because you have powerful Obama administration officials in the FBI, in the DOJ, clearly trying to circumvent what is the will of you the American people, because they did not want Donald Trump to become president. We can never let this happen again and the only way to do that is to make sure we get every fact, every bit of truth, expose it to the American people and those people that committed crimes need to go to jail. The key players need to be exposed.
Now which is what congressional Republicans they're trying to do. They've been fighting to release the memo, release the memo, some of them. You've been helping a lot you, in this audience. And what do we know from that memo that will be released probably next Wednesday or Thursday. We are told that will show severe FISA abuses against the Trump campaign and the president-elect and his team. And FOX News is learning that memo is going to be released likely in a matter of days.
It is imperative, keep the pressure on, keep calling your members of Congress, demand release the memo. The number of your bottom of the screen will get through, 202-224-3121. You've got to put the pressure on them. Tell Congress, release the memo. We deserve to know the truth and while they're at it release all 50,000 texts.
All right. Joining us now with reaction, former deputy assistant to the president, Fox News national security strategist, Sebastian Gorka, and Fox News legal analyst, Gregg Jarrett.
Gregg, let's start with you and the legal side of this. Look, it is a lot to take in. We take every bit of new text messages now every night, we put it with the old text messages every night, and put it with other information that we've gleaned over the year. All facts, now we have a very clear picture of what went on.
Did Comey, Strzok, Page, McCabe and Loretta Lynch, who all know ahead of time no charge that's not a real investigation you don't write exoneration before investigation.
All right. Did they obstruct justice?
-- any reason?
Sebastian Gorka, you were in the White House story a lot of this time. I'm sure it took a lot of energy time attention away from governing the country. Maybe that was the goal of some people the president's did a lot of great year.
But when you see the level, the use of FISA courts, the weaponry of intelligence, when you see people at the highest levels doing this, to me, it's chilling as somebody that believes in the rule of law, equal justice under the law and the U.S. Constitution.
Let's talk about the media - and you're right in every point and so was Gregg. What about the media? They'll go with an anonymous source about a story that never came to fruition about Donald Trump, you know, in case of Donald Trump was -- he's asking if there's conflicts. They say, no, he doesn't fire and they make that big news.
With all this evidence -- go ahead.
Right. If President Trump is saying, does Robert Mueller have a conflict and doesn't fire him, how is that a story?
A legitimate concern of the president.
That didn't happen.
A reasonable thing that anyone would do.
They're not journalists. They're hacks.
Journalism, Gregg.
Sheep that follow each other in a little echo chamber.
Thank you both.
And coming up, Newt Gingrich, he sounds off on the so-called huge New York Times exclusive report where nothing happened, straight ahead.
Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich calling out the schizophrenic insanity surrounding the treatment of President Trump.
Joining us now with more reaction from Judicial Watch, Tom Fitton, and Fox News contributor Sara Carter.
Sara, you know, a non-story about a non-event, I think that that pretty much sums up the media hysteria yesterday, but what they missed yesterday was what you were reporting and we were reporting and that is just how abusively biased Strzok and Page were, and how many people were in the loop knowing that the fix was in as it relates to doing a real investigation into Hillary Clinton before they interviewed her, exonerations before any investigation. So, you know, that's got to be frustrating as you have been unpeeling every layer of this onion.
Why didn't Rob Rosenstein hours before the House Intel Committee was going to get the subpoenaed documents was begging Paul Ryan, please, please, don't release this. Tom Fitton, one of the roles of the judicial watch has played key in getting information -- I know you file a lot of freedom of information act requests. I think, I hope it looks like we'll get the memos next week probably after the State of the Union, but why do we have to wait for the 50,000 text messages. Why not release -- ok, maybe they can look for information that puts someone in harm's way, fair enough, but that doesn't take that long.
The Daily Beast said it, Rosenstein, Comey, McCabe are all in this memo. That is the one leak we got. All right Sara you want to discuss, next week's a big news week. Even the memo is only a small portion of what's coming out in the case. I know you're in the middle of two big investigative reports and I think you'll be breaking next week. One about Andrew Weissmann if I'm allowed to tip your hand for you, being the nice guy I am, what's coming next week and how big do you think the memo ends up being.
Real quick, Tom I got to roll.
And he leaked information about Paul Manafort before he started investigating him to the A.P. so many conflicts with all of them, it all beginning to come together. Next week will be a massive news week on top the State of the Union and the memo being released. All right. When we come back, more breaking news this Friday. The president pushed his America-first agenda in front of the world and world leaders today. We have highlights. What a difference a year makes. Straight ahead.
That was the president earlier in front of world leaders in Switzerland, touting his administration's economic accomplishments and pushing his America-first agenda. After his big speech he tweeted quote, heading back from a very exciting two days in Davos, Switzerland, my speech on the American economic revival was well received.
Many people I met will be investing in the USA. The president is right, European CEO's praise the giant tax cuts and many of them said in fact they will or they have made huge investments in the U.S., that means more good jobs for the forgotten men and women in the country and meanwhile here at home a heated battle over immigration reform is now ramping up.
The president released his frame wok for immigration reform today, it includes $25 billion for the border well system in exchange for a pathway to citizenship for DACA eligible individuals, but of course Democrats are already attacking hit. Listen to what crazy Nancy Pelosi had to say about the president's proposal.
Chuckie Schumer also rejected it and prompting Trump to tweet, DACA is made increasingly difficult by the fact crying Chuck Schumer took such a beating over the shutdown that he is unable to act on immigration, here with reaction. On a Fox Business network Lou Dobbs is with us. Good to see you my friend.
I want the wall.
Democrats don't want the wall and they don't want DACA because that is what they want to run on in 2018 and Lindsey Graham and Jeff "snow" Flake are helping the Democrats. Am I right or wrong?
I don't.
Listen, there's no deal for the president at all unless he gets the money.
He said that the border agents prefer a see-through wall that will be built along --
Agreed. But see-through is fine. The border agents say they want that.
Here is where we are, a hundred house Republicans campaign for years for repeal and replace, they have no intention we learn last year. Seven Democrats, 2015 vote for clean repeal and in 2017 they wouldn't do it. We have Lindsey Graham, Jeff Snowflake and other Republican with no intention. They want amnesty. Here's your trade-off. Do you pick the wall if you can eliminate chain immigration and the visa lottery?
Or do you want nothing?
I am asking if you have a choice. Why are you being difficult to me, I'm your friend.
No, if the president could get the wall and end the chain immigration and the visa lottery, would you accept what the Democrats are demanding or is that a bad deal. That is my question.
Demanding DACA legalization.
No, $3.6 million.
What should he do?
It is my turn, tell me if you agree with this, if the Republicans don't build 200 or 300 miles of wall by November it will hurt them significantly in November, true or false?
So they'll break another promise?
I am asking, what do you think?
So are liberal Republicans. Huge problem.
Yes, I did. Boy, you are on fire. Have a great weekend.
When we come back, Hillary Clinton caught in a major scandal. Another one. Details next.
So Hillary Clinton claimed for decades she was a champion of women, according to a brand-new report during her 2008 presidential campaign she allegedly intervened to keep a Burns Strider a senior adviser from her campaign for being fired after accusations arose that he repeatedly sexually harassed a subordinate. Instead Strider was ordered to receive counselling and lost several weeks of pay.
And we reached out to Clinton for a comment and her spokesman referred us to a statement from the law firm that represented the campaign in L.A. saying quote, to ensure a safe working environment the campaign had a process to address complaint of misconduct or harassment when matters arose they were reviewed in accordance with the policies and appropriate action was taken. This complaint was no exception.
Here with reaction, Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi and radio talk show host Dr. Gina Loudon. Pam your take, because I'm looking at that and thinking the same campaign that was paying women less and the same women that took money from country that abused women, kill gays and persecuted Christians and Jews, that Hillary?
Dr. Loudon?
How is it possible Pam, look what we've been covering and uncovered. How does she fix a primary campaign against Bernie? How does Hillary Clinton have Comey and Strzok and all this other people who know McCabe and Loretta Lynch? How do they all know she is not being investigated for what we know are felonies in the e-mail server scandal? How does she get to try and fix a general election with phony Russian propaganda for only investigating Trump-Russia collusion and it never happened? And then how did she get that phony dossier to be used as a basis for a FISA warrant and the media ignores it. You're an Attorney General, explain.
All right. Guys good to see you. Have a great weekend.
We have the greatest, it is the greatest video of the day and the "Hannity Hotline" that is next.
All right. So many parents know what it's like to have a child that doesn't ever want to go to bed and miss a thing. When a British man's daughter kept leaving night and he did it night after night the daughter, he tucked her in and thought he put in a second safety gate that would do the job. The problem is, he guessed wrong. Here's tonight's video of the day.
That is amazing. What a great kid. Thank god she is safe. Time for the "Hannity Hotline." Let us see what they had to say last night.
Pretty hostile. You have anything to stay, sound off, we don't care, 8772258587. All right remember we will always be fair and balance and we're not the destroy Trump media and will not give up on the stories they're not reporting on and we have a big news week, next week, releasing the memo, that will happen, State of the Union that will happen. I hope you set your DVR so you never miss an episode. Stay tune Laura's next. It is Friday, weekend time. Have a great weekend.

show#: 147  ***************************************************
 And as the White House has been saying all week, President Trump, well, he is going to let the voters of Alabama decide the fate of Judge Roy Moore in light of Moore's vehement denials and repeated denials.
And finally, as we promised to do last night, tonight we are naming names. We are exposing the people who have covered up for the Clintons for 30 plus years and made excuses for all of their behavior, all while attempting to discredit and utterly destroy all of his accusers.
Let's start with the raging Cajun James Carville. Now, he ran Bill Clinton's 1992 presidential campaign, one of the fiercest defenders of Bill's sexual transgressions. For instance, Carville made this infamous comment about Paula Jones, who sued Bill Clinton for sexual harassment. Quote, "If you drag $100 bill through a trailer park, you never know what you were going to find." And it was Carville who also slammed Jones by saying her lawsuit was, quote, "all about money, plain and simple, and a healthy dose of right-wing politics."
Now, the Jones case was a lot more serious than Carville ever claimed because Clinton did end up paying over $850,000 in an out-of-court settlement.
Next, former Clinton senior advisor, now ABC, Good Morning America anchor George Stephanopoulos. Stephanopoulos, he wrote in his memoir, that in 1991 Hillary Clinton said "we have to destroy her when" describing one of Bill's accusers. He also helped oversee the Clinton campaign war room, all in order to deal with what some on the campaign we're referring to as bimbo eruptions. And then in '99 after he left the White House, well, George Stephanopoulos confessed to NPR that he put aside his doubts on Bill Clinton, why? Because he believed in the future president's message and because he was an ambitious guy and he wanted to work in the White House.
Next up, NBC. Well, that's the network that helped protect the Clintons for decades. In January of '99 NBC news reporter Lisa Myers taped the first exclusive interview with Juanita Broaddrick. I had the second. Remember Juanita Broaddrick accused Bill Clinton of raping her in 1978.
And as The Washington Post reported at the time, instead of airing the interview, NBC News President Andy Lack, he's still on the job, and other top executives, well, sat on that interview for over a month, and at the time NBC claimed, well, they couldn't corroborate Broaddrick's accusations so it didn't air until February.
Now, while all of this was going on, at the time our colleague Brit Hume here on the Fox News Channel and his panelists, well, they actually were wearing Free Lisa Myers buttons on air to encourage NBC to run the interview.
Then in 2016, NBC correspondent -- this was just last year -- Andrea Mitchell, she falsely tried to claim that Broaddrick's claims had been discredited following an interview that I did with candidate Trump. Watch this.
In one case it's about exposure, in another case it's about groping and fondling and touching against a woman's well.
And rape.
Again, NBC was so offended by that. They later edited the online version of that clip to remove Andrea Mitchell using the word discredited.
Now, The New York Times also jumped into attack Clinton's accuser. Now, check out this headline from an op-ed. "New York Times: Monica the marketer changes history script." That piece goes on to mock all the ways that Monica Lewinsky in the future would be able to capitalize from her affair with Bill Clinton.
And finally, here's worst enabler of them all, Hillary Clinton herself, who did everything within her power to smear, slander, besmirch all of her husband's accusers. In 1992, when it all got started, Gennifer Flowers announced she had a 12 year affair with Bill Clinton. Well, Hillary and Bill, they raced to CBS and "60 Minutes," why? To trash her character. And then later, Hillary attempted to smear Flowers when telling Vanity Fair, quote, well, "If we had been in front of a jury I would say, 'Ms. Flowers, isn't it true that you were asked by the AP in June of 1990 and you said no? Weren't you asked by the Arkansas Democrat and you said no?' I mean I would crucify her."
Wow. Bill of course later ended up testifying under oath, yes, Gennifer told the truth. He did have a sexual relationship with Gennifer Flowers.
And in the case of Monica Lewinsky, well, Hillary's friend, Diane Blaire wrote in her journal that Hillary called the young White House intern, in her young 20s, a narcissistic Loony Tune.
And then there's Kathleen Willey who accused Bill Clinton of groping and grabbing and fondling and touching and kissing her against her will. Well, she later said that Hillary enabled Bill's horrific behavior.
Juanita Broaddrick said that Hillary Clinton tried to intimidate her after she was allegedly raped by Bill Clinton. And we can't forget how Hillary Clinton blamed all of this, all of it, they're all in a vast right wing conspiracy.
Remember this.
All right. What close Clinton allies, members of the media, and Hillary herself, what they did here is shameful and reprehensible and it went on 30 years. Thirty years they protected Bill Clinton, a sexual predator, and they helped cover up and make excuses for all of his actions. We have a busy news night.
Joining us now with reaction, Fox News national security strategist Sebastian Gorka, conservative commentator Monica Crowley, trial attorney Rebecca Rose Woodland. Where do we start, Rebecca?
Ted Kennedy who left, the lion of the Senate that left the woman at the bottom of a body of water. He went home, told nobody. There was a house across the street and he was so beloved.
Listen to what I said about John Conyers. I never liked the thing that John Conyers ever said. Politically we are on opposite sides. John Conyers says, no, others say it didn't happen. I believe Clarence Thomas was smeared at the last minute. You see October surprise after October surprise, whether it's a DUI for George Bush or an allegation in a campaign 30 days out of an election.
Sometimes it's not true. What do we do, how should people act when one side says it happened and without smearing them like the Clintons did for 30 years and take their allegation seriously. Especially in the case of, well, as a pedophilia, we need to find out, we need to know. We need in every case, in other truth, but how do you balance that? And then I will get to Sebastian in a minute.
Am I right to give him the presumption of innocence?
I'm wrong to do that?
I've done it my whole career, Rebecca.
If we are going to have a coming to Jesus moment, I think in the end, as a father, I have three sisters, Dr. Gorka. Just the people that admitted these things and groping Franklin -- Franken with what he did to poor Leanne Tweeden is enough. You know, but it was conservatives that were out there on the frontline saying, wow, all of these women, and there was more besides Juanita and Kathleen and Paula and Monica.
There were a lot of other women involved in this too that I interviewed over the years. How do you balance that and how much damage that liberals do in terms of their -- they want the mantle that they are the great protectors of women's rights but yet they were involved in protecting the Clintons all those decades.
Let me ask Monica this question. What convinced me is, right from the get-go with the Clintons, Gennifer Flowers had tapes. They actually said your doctor the taste. You could hear it was his voice, you can hear an intimate conversation that was going on there, but they still went out and denied it. Years later he had to admit it. And they are going and saying, here's my question.
Very different, agreed, but he still lied.
Okay. And that was part of it, and she was smeared and she was telling the truth, that's the difference. You know, in the case of how much will science now play a role? One of the things I thought on the Roy Moore case for example. As I talk to a 42 year expert in handwriting analysis said you give him, it was 42 years -- it's an art, it's a science, and he's going to be able to tell you forensically if the ink is new or old and forensically if he can look at his handwriting at the time with that yearbook, there's the answer.
So, if you have no standards, you are better off.
All right. I got a role. Closing remarks, Dr. Gorka, we will go to you first.
They protected him through 2016. The only reason that they're doing it now is because they don't need the Clintons anymore. Clintons can't do anything for him anymore. All right. Sorry, Rebecca, last word.
I totally agree.
And we have to be careful though. This is dangerous territory.
No, it doesn't.
Should Franken have to resign or let the people of Minnesota decide?
Who should decide in Franken's case with the picture? You have evidence.
Dr. Gorka?
All right. Thank you all for being with us. When we come back, Newt Gingrich is here, he will react to my opening monologue. Later, new details about the Uranium One scandal, it is now beginning to cascade down as we get closer to the truth. And I have a challenge for NBC News. Andy Lack, you may want to turn your television on, that and more tonight on "Hannity."
And welcome back to "Hannity" as we continues with reaction to all of today's big stories and news. Author of the number one New York Times best-seller, "Vengeance." Former speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich.
So, you have all of these cases, in some cases the sexual harassment cases, mistreatment of people cases. And some people admit it. And then you have instances where they do not, and then we are hearing $15 million of taxpayer money was paid out by members of Congress. Shouldn't the American people, they don't want to pay it themselves, shouldn't we know who's money, who is paying what, where and how?
Paul, if they wanted anonymity, they should have used their own dollars. Right? If they want to make a deal that should be there money. No?
What about the cases where there is no clear line? There's no Al Franken picture, and you don't know for sure? We saw what happened with the Duke Lacrosse kids, and that's one of just a number of examples, which so many in the media have been so wrong so often. There's a rift here, one allegation destroyed somebody and it's not true or it's far more nuanced than anybody wants to know.
It gets hard too when there is politics in the equation. You know, where, you know, Clarence Thomas would be a case in point. Last- minute allegations thrown out there on the eve of a Senate hearing, or on the eve of an election in October. Surprise, George W. Bush. The weekend before that election with Al Gore, the DUI came out. So, in the whole year and a half prior, nobody knew about that? That wasn't planned? That wasn't a last-minute October surprise? To influence voters, where if somebody doesn't really have a chance to help themselves or prove they are grown beyond an instance like that?
All right. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate you being with us, thank you so much.
Next, new details about the uranium one scandal continued to trickle out. Sara Carter, Gregg Jarrett, they are here to respond. And also later tonight, I have a challenge. All of you that are friends with Andy Lack, tell him to get to a TV, I have a message for him tonight.
Welcome back to "Hannity" so last night The Hill, John Solomon, he broke a huge story about uranium one, and according to the memos that he obtained, the FBI informant at the center of this case gathered years of evidence on Russia's plot to control U.S. Nuclear fuel deals, including the uranium one deal. Now Solomon has boiled down the newest revelations in a piece for the Hill detailing the five new revelations. First, Russia saw its purchase of uranium one as part of a larger strategy to dominate global uranium markets, including making the United States more dependent on Moscow's nuclear fuel. Great. It is our uranium.
Next, uranium one did export some of its U.S. uranium ore. Then, the FBI informant does have information to share with congress about Rosatom's uranium one purchase. Next, the FBI did have evidence that Rosatom officials were engaged in criminality while before the Obama administration approved their purchase of uranium one. And finally, justice officials, they trusted Campbell, he is the informant, enough to keep them working undercover for six years and to pay him more than $51,000 once convictions were secured.
Here with reaction, investigative reporter Sara Carter, Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett is with us. Sara, let's start with you because you also had a piece. You call it a treasure trove now of information. I only thought it was for years, it's six years the informant worked for the FBI. But these were years long before CFIUS went ahead, that nine separate agencies who approve this deal, and we still import uranium. That is the crazy part. It's not like we have tons of it and we can get rid of any of it.
OK. Greg, we get to the heart. What we have is a network. We have the hostile Russian regime, the hostile actor, Vladimir Putin. This is an amazing thing. We have to import uranium, because we don't have enough. We know in the country in '09, we know that they are involved in bribery, racketeering, money laundering, and extortion.
OK. And we knew it was Clinton's guy -- Putin guys. Why would we ever make that deal?
And they outed him.
They sold out our security. That is going to be the criminality, part of the criminality on all of this that is going to have to be investigated. Sara, you know the informant. You've talked to the informant. They outed this guy. This guy spent six years of his life -- tell us the back story. He is accumulating this information, documents, emails, tape recordings, and his first-hand experience. He sees with Putin's network is doing, the crimes they are committing, he is passing it on to the FBI Director, Eric Holder, the Justice Department, the A.G. at the time had to know, told it was put in Obama's daily briefing.
He is a hero here.
So knowing that Putin is doing all this, why would anybody sign off on that, and where did the money come from, as we now look at the connection with everybody associated with uranium one and the timeline and the Clinton foundation and Bill's speaking fees -- does that timeline coincide with payments?
Didn't they have a financial interest in this deal?
And they are connected to Putin?
Last word.
If you are Hillary Clinton, are you worried tonight?
The four people she hates the most tonight are Sara Carter, John Solomon, you and she has always hated me. Just hates me more.
Unbelievable. Sara, when this informant goes before congress, how soon will it be where the whole story will be told?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how worried would the Clinton's be?
Wow. All right. When we come back, the media has ignore this, we are not ignoring it. Another Democrat caught up in in a major scandal it involved and campaign rigging. What is up with these people? I will give you the details, later I will also have a serious challenge for the executives at NBC news and Andy Lack as we continue.
Welcome back to "Hannity," so just when he thought the Democrats couldn't be involved in any more scandals, Fox News tonight confirming that the FBI is investigating Pennsylvania Congressman Bob Brady for allegedly paying off his Democratic primary opponent in 2012 and then lying to federal investigators. Not a good idea. According to the charges, Brady secretly paid 90 grand for his opponent Jimmy Moore to drop out of the race. And Moore and his former campaign manager had already pled guilty to concealing the payments. Additionally, two aides for Brady have been indicted.
Sounds like Democrats level rigging elections more than anything else. We reach out to Brady's attorney for comments, shockingly we haven't heard back. Here with reaction, Salem, national syndicated radio host, Larry Elder. Fox News correspondent at large, Geraldo Rivera. Hillary rigged the elections in the primary. According to Donna Brazile. She tried to rigged it with the Fusion GPS propaganda lie dossier, about hookers in a Rich Carlton where Trump in Moscow, Geraldo and what is it with Democrats rigging elections now?
I've never seen anything like it in my life.
He is just basically taking Hillary, let me sum it up into this, basically taking Hillary Clinton's -- a page out of her book. Larry?
Shocking.
Larry?
Geraldo, Hillary rigged it.
Geraldo, when you say that, this is a narrative I reject, that Republicans are racist. I resented, it happens every two, every four years. To get into the Democratic National Convention that we both go to every four years, guess what? You need a picture I.D. the Democratic convention.
A modern-day example of Republicans rigging a primary. They rigged it. Every Democrat that liked Bernie Sanders, the socialist he is, god bless him, their votes should count. The whole thing was raked from the get-go. She controlled it all and you try to do it, Larry, and the general election by paying for Russian lies and propaganda. How ironic considering the last year in Trump-Russian nonsense.
30 years of abusing these women, Geraldo.
We will pick this up. An important message and challenge for NBC news next, thanks, guys.
We all know the news media in this country is abusively biased. I have a special challenge for NBC News. They lead the pack. Now, for decades, the incredibly liberal left wing news network has been covering for both Bill and Hillary Clinton. This effort has been led by NBC News Chairman Andy Lack is his name and he ran the company in the late 1990s. The very same time that Juanita Broderick accused President Bill Clinton of rape. And as the Washington Post reported, NBC sat on that interview with Broderick for at least a month saying the story wasn't corroborated at that time. They finally aired it in February of '99. Our challenge to Andy Lack, NBC News, simple air the interview with Juanita Broderick in its entirety on NBC and primetime. Let the people in this country see and hear and decide for themselves what former President Bill Clinton is accused of doing. Certainly going to be better than those "Dateline" reruns ad nauseam that you play. NBC News, Andy Lack, are you going to give them the proper platform that you sat on or is Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton's reputation still that important to you? They don't have power anymore.
That is all the time we have left this evening. This show will never be the mainstream media. We are not the destroy Trump media, we're fair and balanced. Thank you for being with us. Set your DVR and never miss an episode. Laura Ingraham is standing by in D.C.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 148  ***************************************************
 Here's my prediction tonight. People will be going to jail over this. Now, this is something we've been calling for for weeks, months, even over a year.
The House is also launching an investigation into how the Obama Department of Justice, how the FBI handled Hillary Clinton's email server case. And I've got to say, it's about time. Because the evidence of wrongdoing in both of these massive scandals is overwhelming, it's incontrovertible and it puts our security at risk.
And as we have been saying for months, Congress has a duty, a moral obligation. We can't have a dual justice system. They must investigate these scandals fully and they must uncover the truth of what actually happened. How is it possible -- how -- that they never recognized giving Vladimir Putin and the Russians 20 percent of our uranium, the foundational material to nuclear weapons, a hostile actor, is a good idea?
And with Uranium One, Congress literally can start by calling on key Obama administration officials. Eric Holder, Rod Rosenstein and yes, Robert Mueller, I hope you are watching. You need to testify under oath. And let me tell you why.
As the Attorney General Eric Holder -- of course he had oversight over the FBI. He was a member of the government committee that actually approved Uranium One but yet they had all this evidence of corruption and bribery. He clearly had the information.
And then there's now deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein. Well, he was actually in charge of this FBI investigation into this Russian bribery and money laundering scandal.
And finally, special counsel Robert Mueller. Back in 2009, he was the FBI director. This was when the bureau, the FBI so clearly had this information. He has conflicts of interest. There's no way the American people can trust Robert Mueller to investigate anything Russian related, to be fair and impartial. It's impossible because of his past role in this. He should resign immediately tonight.
Now also, the House tonight is also going to be investigating the Obama Department of Justice and the FBI's handling of the Clinton email server scandal. All happening tonight. Now, aside from Clinton having secret, top-secret, special access program, classified information, mishandled a felony on her server. Remember, the one stored in the bathroom of a mom and pop shop?
The House will be looking into the former FBI director -- which they should -- James Comey. And it's inexcusable conduct. Now, you may remember he drafted the letter exonerating Hillary Clinton before actor conducting the interviews with the key witnesses including Hillary Clinton herself. Comey also, he abused his power when he announced he was not recommending charges against Clinton. He never had that authority.
Then we have the attorney general, former Attorney General Loretta Lynch. Remember the tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton? Days before Comey's decision. And like we've been saying, it's about time. These are all serious issues, all need to be investigated fully. And those involved need to be held accountable.
We are also learning tonight that we were right about the GPS fusion dossier. Tonight, even The Washington Post has to finally begin to report what we have been telling you forever. And according to The Washington Post tonight -- I love to quote them -- Hillary Clinton's campaign and the DNC, they paid for that phony research that eventually became the dossier. That's the same document that used Russian government paid sources and made wild and completely untrue and ridiculous accusations about Donald Trump.
And remember, the Democrats, media, they were happy to repeat. For example, oh, that Donald Trump was in the Ritz in Moscow and he had hookers urinating in his bed. And James Comey wanted to hire this man and pay him taxpayer dollars.
All of this makes the Clinton campaign and the DNC tonight complicit in spreading Russian propaganda and Russian lies about then candidate Donald Trump. Now, if they are spreading this Russian propaganda, they've been lying to you, the American people, using phony Russian sources. And this lie has gone on for over a year.
This is the Russia collusion. This is the real Russia story. Robert Mueller, wake up tonight.
Now, Fox News has also confirmed the information in the post article is correct. In other words, we've been right for over a year.
And we want to point out another part of the Washington Post article. It reads, quote, "Fusion GPS' research into Trump was funded by an unknown Republican client during the GOP primary." This was before the DNC and Hillary Clinton's campaign took over. OK, I want to know, who is that? Was it one of the other candidates? Was it Senator McCain who reportedly gave it to the FBI? Who is behind this? We need answers.
Keep in mind, it was McCain, he said he passed this dossier around. And by the way, we have to wonder, if this new information is the reason why the group behind the dossier, Fusion GPS, is trying to stop lawmakers from accessing their bank records? Hmm. Follow the money.
Now the entire Democratic apparatus, most of the Republican apparatus and all of the mainstream media, they fell hook, line and sinker for a Russian disinformation lying campaign to the American people during an election. The Democrats, Hillary Clinton, they all lied to you for over a year.
Now, keep in mind, there is a report. James Comey, he tried pay Christopher Steele, the former British spy, who put this whole dossier together. He wanted to give me your money.
And tonight, predictably, the new DNC Chairman Tom Perez, he's like, "I didn't do this." He is denying he had any personal involvement with the dossier. You're going to hear a lot more of those denials in the days to come. We will continue to follow that story.
Also tonight, a very important report. And that is pathetic, weak, gutless, spineless never-Trumper establishment Republicans forces all lashing out against the president today. Now, Senators Bob Corker, we have little snowflake whiny Jeff Flake and John McCain all bashing the president instead of doing what? Focusing on passing tax reform for the forgotten men and women in poverty, on food stamps, and out of work in those country.
Take a look.
Here is a simple truth: All three of these guys they are inapt, they're ineffective, they have completely failed to deliver on the promises that they made to their constituents and you the American people, for years. These guys have accomplished nothing. And others like Ben Sasse, too.
And you know what? all they are doing here is standing in the way of enacting an agenda to help move the country forward, what the people voted for last November. And they are trying to be martyrs in the process. You want to be martyrs? You guys go right ahead.
Here is my answer to all of you tonight: Good riddance, happy trails, don't let the door hit you on the way out of town.
Now, before his little stunt on the Senate floor, Senator Flake announced he was not going to be running for reelection in 2018. Now, here's part of the truth here. Flake is now trying to say his decision is all about President Trump. But here's the truth -- because he lied today. At least, he's not choosing to run again because back in August, Flake had an 18 percent approval rating among voters in Arizona. And another poll showed that he was losing to his chief Republican primary challenger Dr. Kelli Ward, who would have crushed Flake in a primary had he had the courage to run.
And then you got Bob Corker, he's done nothing but attack the president now for weeks. Bob Corker, he's stepping aside. He is not running again because he would have lost in Tennessee.
So, I have a suggestion for all you never-Trumper senators that are headed for the exits, people like Corker and Flake, you know what, guess what? You guys, you know, take your other colleagues with you. Mitch McConnell, good-bye. Ben Sasse, good-bye. John Cornyn, goodbye. Lisa Murkowski, Susan Collins. Either get the job done that you promised the American people, advance the president's agenda. What other conservative values that the president is advocating for that you are unwilling to support? Many of you can retire and we will all be happier.
Now, the difference here between President Trump and these senators that I just listed, is the president is a fighter. He is fighting for what he believes in. I like somebody fighting for the American people. And he's also somebody that is keeping his word, his promises. The Senate has done next to nothing to help the president keep his promises or help the American people or help the forgotten men in poverty, on food stamps, and out of work.
Look at these statistics. The Senate has confirmed in about a year, since January, only 175 of President Trump civilian nominees. Guess what? Two hundred and twenty nine have yet to be confirmed. How many vacations do these guys take? And during the similar time frame, President Obama had 359 nominees confirmed, over twice as much.
And listen to this. Through September of this year, the House of Representatives -- and I have disagreements with them at times, at least they do their job. They have passed 308 bills that originated in that chamber and of those 308 bills that the House of Representatives passed, the Senate has passed 34. Beyond an embarrassment. Beyond a disgrace. These guys are the definition of failure. The poster children of failure.
Now, Senate Republicans are no longer serving the American people. So you know what, Senator Flake? Bye. You know what Senator Corker? See you later. It is time for accountability. It's time to drain the swamp. If Republicans don't back this agenda, a tax reform, repealing and replacing, they need to get out of the way or resign or retire or do something. Because you know what? The only reason these people are now saying they are not running is because they know they can't win.
And for all you never-Trumpers who were watching tonight, take a look at the side of your screen, they happen to be Donald Trump's accomplishments. Let's see. Pretty long list. Real, tangible, accomplishments, promises made, promises kept. So, what have you never-Trumpers done in this period of time? Have you helped the millions of forgotten men and women of this country that are suffering?
Well, the answers are simple. You've done nothing other than help the Democrats obstruct the president at every single turn. And you know what? Enough is enough.
Now, we are going to have a lot more in all this breaking news. And I promise you, you don't want to miss a minute of any of this. When we come back, the heroes, investigative reporters who have been exposing the truth and standing alone and digging hard. John Solomon, Sara Carter.
Plus, Victoria Toensing, she is the attorney for that FBI informant who is at the center for exposing this Uranium One scandal. We've got all of that.
Sebastian Gorka, part two of our interview with Ivanka and much more. Stay with us.
Welcome back to "Hannity." As we mentioned in our opening monologue tonight, House Republicans finally are opening investigations into this very corrupt Uranium One deal that compromised all of our National Security involving the Obama administration and of course, the Clintons.
Also tonight, the Department of Justice finally is considering whether to lift the gag order on the FBI informant at the center of those scandals.
Here with the reaction are people who deserve a lot of credit for digging deep, The Hill's John Solomon, Circa News' Sara Carter and an attorney I'd never want to go up against, Victoria Toensing who is representing the FBI informant.
Victoria, I want to start with you. Last night you actually said that your client, this informant. The guy that has evidence, emails, documents, tape recordings that prove bribery, extortion, money laundering, et cetera. He has details of the exact plans to bribe the Clintons that was all by designed?
Let me --
Okay. And listen, I have too much respect for you over the years to push you harder on this. Let me start with the broader question for Sarah and John. In terms of the degree of scandal, because Sara, you know this informant. You've spoken to them. You know what he has. How bad is this going to get for the people that we're mentioning that are involved in this?
Understood.
John Solomon, I will ask you. Because the FBI knew in 2009 and 2010? Before this Uranium One deal is done? They had evidence, a lot of it, including tapes and emails and documents and an FBI informant. They knew it all and they still approve this deal, knowing that all of this was going on because of Vladimir Putin, and a hostile actor. We've been lectured about Russia, Russia, Russia for a year that they wanted to get the market on American uranium and the sad part is, they succeeded.
So, if you let me do a little reporting on your show here. So, just a little bit ago before we came on air, Victoria and I talked and she was able to confirm for me that her client has information that Director Mueller and President Obama and other officials were briefed on this investigation in real time as it was going on. That's the first time we heard that. Maybe she can answer a little bit more on the show about that?
Victoria?
So let me see if I got this straight. So, Mueller, Rosenstein, maybe even Comey at the time. And the President of the United States certainly Eric Holder was the head of the DOJ. They all knew that they had all this evidence that the Russians had infiltrated with the purpose of a criminal enterprise to corner the market on uranium, the foundational material of nuclear weapons.
Sara, you are shaking your head yes? That's possible and Robert Mueller is now investigating anything involved with Russia, how is that possible?
So, then who appoints the special counsel?
Sara?
And John, let's go into the new information.
Now that the investigation, now they allow the visas to individuals that they know is involved in this. How can that happen?
And to let people know how hard Sara, you've been working, and John, you've been working. You guys have known this evidence has existed for over a year, correct? Or you suspected that it existed. Let's say it the nice way.
The DNC and the Russian dossier, Sara, I am trying to understand this too. Now we have confirmation that the DNC and Hillary Clinton's lawyer paid. They lied to us for a year. Outright lied to us.
This information campaign, propaganda campaign, let's call what it is, that means lying. And paying Russians for phony stories and everything else, look both of you have come under a lot of fire for your reporting. And I think tonight in many ways is only the beginning of a vindication I've been predicting has been coming. Victoria, great job. I'm glad that your client pick the right person. I've known you for many years. You are tough. I would not want to go against you in a courtroom. We will have you guys back on tomorrow night. Thank you all for being with us. We really appreciate it. We have a lot more to come tonight. A lot more breaking news. Sebastian Gorka and Gregg Jarrett will react to these more explosive details about uranium one and the Russian dossier. And on top of that we will have part two of our interview, the personal side, of Ivanka Trump. A straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." We are following major breaking news. The Washington Post first reporting tonight and Fox News confirming that Clinton in the DNC they, after lying for a year, helped finance the research for that fake news anti-Trump dossier.
Also breaking minutes ago, Hillary Clinton's former spokesperson Brian Fallon, they are like racing, and Perez is the first. I didn't know about Christopher Steele's hiring during pre-election. If I had, I would have volunteered to go to Europe and try to help him. Oh, really?
Here with the reaction is the author of "Defeating Jihad," he makes America great again and coalition chief strategist, former deputy assistant for the president, Sebastian Gorka. Fox news legal analyst Gregg Jarrett, what I always love about you, it's you always come with research on everything. If you start where you want. Uranium One, the dossier.
But he has been gagged. It's a nondisclosure.
This is why I love Gregg Jarrett, for all of you at home. He always knows his stuff. Keep going keep going.
He paid for it?
Lies, disinformation, from the Russians during the campaign. Oh, Robert Mueller. Are you awake tonight?
I've been predicting this, Dr. Gorka this massive boomerang for a long time. I've known a lot of this evidence was out there and it was all coming. I've been telling my audience, its coming, and its coming. Now the floodgates are open, if you will.
Why would you ever, especially in light of everything the media and Democrats have been saying about hostile actors, Vladimir Putin, who in their right mind would give Vladimir Putin 20 percent of America's uranium and all the money that floats back, it stunk to high heavens from day one. Now we just have the evidence.
They all signed off on it and all this money flies back to them. Dr. Gorka.
Dr. Gorka, I've said and I will stand by this tonight, they sold out America's national security.
And there so much more to come. Let's talk about potential crimes.
Mishandling, destroying evidence, felony, obstruction of justice, deleting, breaking up.
I want to go back, Dr. Gorka, Bill Clinton trip, he wanted to ask his wife's own state department to approve meetings with Russian nuclear officials, OK that is insane. Double a speaking fee. He is being paid by a bank that has a financial interest in uranium one. Then he wants to meet with Vladimir Putin and his wife signs off on the deal. And then the $145 million kickback. What other evidence do you need to know that they were not putting the security of this country as their first priority?
Attorney general needs to wake up now. This is not a game anymore. Holder, Clinton, Mueller, Rosenstein. They all knew in 2009. They approved the deal, Gregg.
He was the one that signed off. One of the nine.
Guys, we will have you back tomorrow too. We will continue this investigation. We are not going to stop. Part two of our exclusive interview with the first daughter, Ivanka Trump. She talks about how she responds to the vicious attacks from the left.
As we continue on this breaking news night tonight on "Hannity," yesterday I sat down with one of the first daughters and advisor to the President, Ivanka Trump, for an exclusive interview. I did ask Ivanka how she felt about the mainstream media and their vicious, unprecedented attack on her, her father, and the entire Trump family. Take a look.
It was interesting, Jimmy Carter even said he never witnessed any President take as much heat as your dad. But also the family. You've been attacked, Melania has been attacked, and your little brother has been attacked. Don and Eric, I don't care about them.
They kind of deserved it. They can handle themselves. Certain unfairness.
Don in particular.
Some of it is personal and mean. How do you deal with that? Does that hurt?
That is a great answer. Believe it or not in this little business I am in, I take a few hits, too. More than my fair share.
Blood sport.
Do go hunting with her brothers?
You said something the other day and I thought this should be the attitude of anybody that serves in the administration. It's a team, it's her father that got elected and it's his agenda, to serve him so he can serve people.
I wish more people had that attitude to serve. An important announcement coming next.
I am really excited to share with you a special project we've been working on for almost two years. I am the executive producer of a brand-new award-winning film. An independent film, "Let There Be Light." It will be in 500 theaters around the country this Friday. An antidote to the corrupt Hollywood formulaic superhero violent sex movies. You can find the location at hannity.com. Let's take a sneak peek. Take a look.
It opens Friday. I hope you will go. We don't have any big studios. 500 theaters. Hopefully it will touch your mind, your heart, your soul, you emotions. That is all the time we have left. Thank you for being with us. We are putting the media unnoticed. Full report on what you are reporting, we will see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 149  ***************************************************
 The level of ignorance here is breathtaking! Now, as we've been telling you this week, the liberal crackpots in the media, they're now unhinged. They are totally suffering from a syndrome, Trump derangement syndrome. And as we have seen time and time again, they're willing to say anything, no matter how crazy it sounds. They want to damage this president, get him out of office, delegitimize him.
Now the real reason that President Trump fired James Comey is because the former FBI director was incompetent. He failed to faithfully execute the laws of this country and follow the principles of equal justice under the law. And for not doing that, that made him a failure and that meant he needed to be fired.
Now, President Trump explained this decision earlier today to NBC News. Well, they're a propaganda network, but take a look anyway.
Now, the president, he really didn't have a choice here because Comey was a complete and utter failure. Now, he disrespected the Constitution. He made a mockery of the rule of law. He did nothing while 4th Amendment privacy rights in this country were being violated day in and day out.
And of course, the most dangerous part of what he's been doing, he created a two-tiered justice system, one for Hillary, one for Bill Clinton, and one for the rest of us.
Now, just take a look right there on the side of your screen. These are all the laws that Hillary Clinton broke with her private email server scandal. And along with the Clinton Foundation, which is another big issue -- well, Clinton's server had, let's see, top-secret information, special access program information on it, classified information on it.
Remember, she deleted -- you can't delete 30,000-plus emails! Now, she claimed they were personal about yoga, a wedding, a funeral, grandchildren and emailing with her husband, who doesn't email!
And even James Comey described her conduct in that 13-minute closing argument where we thought he was going to indict her, as "extremely careless." Now, the legal standard is gross negligence! Can anybody tell me what the difference is?
And back during the campaign, we learned that there was a very high chance that up to five foreign actors had hacked into Hillary's server. She totally compromised America's national security and he did nothing. And by the way, that likely put operatives in the field and their lives in danger.
On top of all of this, you have the Clinton Foundation. Now we have the pay-to-play scheme. The Clintons were literally lining their pockets with millions and millions of dollars while Hillary was serving as secretary of state!
You might remember, Clinton signed off herself on giving the Russians 20 percent of America's uranium, that horrible Uranium One deal. Remember, she had to sign off personally on that. And many of the people that were involved or in and around that deal donated millions and millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation. And by the way, Moscow was doubling Bill Clinton's speaking fees.
Now, that's just the beginning of Comey's many, many mistakes. Now, most recently, Comey stood by while your 4th Amendment privacy rights were being trampled on with the Obama administration unmasking American citizens caught up in foreign surveillance incidentally.
Now, the one law that we do know was broken in this whole Russia-gate conspiracy theory advanced by the left -- well, the one law was broken was against General Mike Flynn. OK, so he was incidentally picked up. Then they unmask General Flynn. And then classified information, top-secret classified information, was released. That is a crime. That is a felony. That is a violation of the Espionage Act.
And as we've been saying, Comey got what he deserved. And frankly, kind of lucky that the president let him collect a paycheck for as long as he did.
Now, of course, the propaganda destroy Trump media and the Democrats, well, they don't want you to know any of these facts, and they're not reporting these facts. And they're expanding on their lies like saying, "Oh, Comey asked for more money." That turned out not to be true today.
And that's why you're only going to hear about these issues, frankly, right here on this show. And by the way, instead what you have from the left and Democrats, they're now feigning selective moral outrage. They're pretending to forget that just a few short months ago, most of them were calling for Comey to be fired.
Now, the biggest hypocrite of all is Senator "Crocodile Tears Chucky Schumer." Just take a look at what he said about Comey. This was the end of October. Boy, his tune has changed!
All right, did you get that? "Appalling action."
Now, of course, "Crying Chuck," well, he wasn't done there. Just days before the election, he went after James Comey yet again by saying, quote, "I do not have confidence in him any longer. To restore my faith, I'm going to have to sit down, talk to him, get an explanation for why he did this."
And now that Donald Trump is president, the king of hypocrisy, "Chucky Schumer," is now singing a much different tune about James Comey. Interesting how politics plays a part in how you think about any one individual on any different day. Take a look.
What happened about appalling actions, and what happened to lost confidence in Comey?
Now, I want you to set your DVR. In the very next segment of this show, we're going to show you a montage of every major Democrat trashing Jim Comey. You don't want to miss it and how they've now changed their tune.
Joining us now first, though, with reaction is former White House press secretary Ari Fleischer, conservative columnist Monica Crowley. Good to see you both. Let
All right, let me start with you. I -- hypocrisy obviously is on display here. But way beyond the hypocrisy -- and we have played this so often -- there has not been -- since the Russia conspiracy theory has started, not a single shred of evidence that there was any collusion with the Trump campaign, that any vote was impacted at all by any actions that Russia was involved in -- as a matter of fact, just the opposite was told us.
So how is it these major networks -- you dealt with all these press outlets. How do they keep reporting one big lie conspiracy, night after night, day after day?
It's so important what you're saying...
All right, and Monica, two huge breathlessly reported lies in just the last 24 hours. Ari mentioned one of them, that the deputy attorney general threatened to resign. That's false. Number two, that the FBI had just asked days before for more money to investigate the Russian conspiracy. That turns out to be false.
Every single major newspaper, every cable outlet, every broadcast channel, news report -- they expounded on those lies, and I doubt they'll correct the record tonight.
All right, guys, good -- good to see you both. We appreciate it.
On this busy breaking news night, when we come back, set your DVR. We will play you the mother of all montages highlighting the left liberal hypocrisy on this issue.
And also tonight...
President Trump during an interview earlier today reiterated that James Comey told him he was not under investigation by the FBI three times. We will check in with the counselor to the president Kellyanne Conway.
And also later tonight...
Now, the president had said multiple times that Hillary Clinton should be behind bars because of her email server scandal. Could the FBI now reopen? Should they now reopen the investigation since Comey has been fired? We will investigate that and ask that important question tonight here on "Hannity."
And Welcome back to "Hannity." So earlier today, during an interview with NBC's Lester Holt, President Trump said the former FBI director, James Comey, told him he is not under investigation! Watch this.
Now, meanwhile, earlier today, President Trump called out Democrats for now feigning outrage over Comey's firing. Now, Trump tweeted out, quote, "The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace. #draintheswamp." And then he linked to this very funny, sad but powerful video.
That pretty much tells it all, and that's not all. President Trump also retweeted something that Rosie O'Donnell posted back in 2016. She wrote, "Fire Comey." Now, Trump retweeted and he wrote, "We finally agree on something, Rosie."
Here with reaction, counselor to the president Kellyanne Conway is with us. You know, it's such hypocrisy on such a high level. Chuck Schumer is the worst. Nancy Pelosi not far behind. Harry Reid is right in there with the rest of them. And Bernie Sanders -- you know, poor Bernie, and all of this, you know, he should be the most angry at Hillary Clinton and James Comey, if you ask me.
What's your reaction to the way the left is creating these bizarre conspiracies?
Well, look, this is all fake news, I mean, because the report was -- and you're right, what he said earlier today was absolutely true. The investigation continues. The president says he wants it to continue.
Right, and -- and by the way, we know this has happened in past elections, and we have been told by intelligence officials it'll happen in future elections. I think one of the greatest examples, though, of selective moral outrage happens to be that Barack Obama even used State Department dollars. If influencing elections is bad, why did Barack Obama use his State Department and political operatives to try and unseat one of our greatest allies, the prime minister of Israel, Benjamin Netanyahu? If it really -- if impacting elections, influencing elections is so wrong, how come nobody seemed to care about that, one of our closest allies?
Last question...
You know, all these fake news networks -- because they really are fake news -- have been trying to come up with this liberal talking point and making comparisons that this is Nixonian. This is the equivalent of the Saturday night massacre, when in fact, Nixon was trying to stop an investigation and a special prosecutor. This president is not stopping it. There was no requests for extra funds. That's another media lie. And he's requesting -- he wants to get answers, and he set up an executive order, commission to look into this type of fraud and other issues involving elections as well today.
All right, thanks so much, Kellyanne Conway, counselor of the president.
And coming up on this busy breaking news night tonight right here on "Hannity"...
That was President Trump saying that Hillary Clinton should be behind bars because of her private email server scandal. Well, now that James Comey has been fired, could this FBI now reopen the investigation? That is a real possibility. We'll ask investigation reporter Sara Carter and attorney Joe DiGenova. That's next.
And also tonight...
You have to laugh at this, Democrats continuing to contradict themselves and just show how hypocritical they really are.
Later tonight, we get reaction from the one and only Lou Dobbs. Please stay with us on this busy news night.
That was then candidate Donald Trump going after Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail for her private email server scandal. Today, Fox News chief intelligence correspondent Catherine Herridge is reporting that a veteran former FBI agent told her the agency could in fact reopen the Hillary Clinton email probe now that James Comey is gone.
Here with reaction, from Circa News, Sara Carter, former U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia, Joe DiGenova. Joe, we have, we'll put it up on the screen, we have identified as many as 16 felonies she may have committed. And we will put them up on the screen again. But we know for a fact -- look at this, bribery, acts impacting financial interests, conspiracy, false statements, certainly gross negligence in the handling of classified information, certainly destroying information, 30 some odd thousand emails. She definitely could be -- a grand jury should be set up, shouldn't it, in this case if we're going to have equal justice under the law?
Republicans will not fight, Joe. Republicans are weak.
And Sara, you have done such a good job. As I mentioned in my opening monologue tonight, the one crime we know was committed was the incidental surveillance, fair enough, that's not a crime, but the unmasking, and then of course the leaking of intelligence, General Flynn. He didn't pursue it. And we even heard from Sally Yates this week. She was never even asked a question by Comey about it.
All right, so they have not there. Then I can add, Sara, the Clinton Foundation, all the people surrounding the Uranium One deal, 20 percent -- want a Russian conspiracy, 20 percent of America's uranium, she signs off as secretary of state, goes to Vladimir Putin, and the people in and around that deal giving the Foundation millions of dollars. To me in my little world, that is called a quid pro quo in selling out your office for personal gain.
Double his fee.
Unbelievable.
Joe, between the email server scandal, what Sara just mentioned on the Uranium One deal, the increased speaking fees, those around funneling millions to the Foundation, the unmasking and releasing of intelligence in the case of General Flynn, to me, we have overwhelming, incontrovertible evidence in every case that Hillary Clinton committed felonies. Am I wrong?
And 18-USC-793 talks about gross negligence is the legal standard. Comey said in his 13 minute closing argument that sounded like he would indict her that she was extremely careless. Is there a difference between extremely careless and gross negligence?
Five foreign intelligence services got intelligence, got our top secrets.
Guys, good to see you both. We will have you back. We will follow this until we get to the truth.
Coming up next on the busy breaking news night tonight on "Hannity" --
The Russians are coming. Democrats continue to peddle these bizarre tinfoil hat conspiracy theories about Russia costing Hillary Clinton the election. Up next, reaction to this liberal lunacy from our friend Lou Dobbs. And also tonight --
President Trump supporters not shy about their desire to see Hillary Clinton locked behind bars. Now that James Comey has been fired, will be FBI reopen their investigation into her private server? We will check in with the Florida attorney general Pam Bondi later tonight.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So it has been two days since President Trump fired the FBI director James Comey. Naturally Democrats, they totally lost it and are losing lit. Now, some of their public comments are becoming downright laughable. This includes Senator Cory Booker who apparently sees himself as the modern day Paul Revere. The British are coming! Watch this.
The Russians are coming. The Russians are coming. And my favorite, Congresswoman Maxine Waters, who has been calling for President Trump's impeachment for months, yesterday the Congresswoman's hypocrisy was on full display. This is almost too funny to believe. Watch this.
The only person confused seems to be Congresswoman Waters. Here with reaction with the Fox Business Network, Lou Dobbs. So if Hillary is president, yes, I justify the firing. I don't justify the firing if Trump does it.
Exactly. How did they get away with not letting the FBI not look at their servers and they bring in their own people?
Here's another thing. How do you give an immunity deal to two people and then, Lou, I have never heard about this. Maybe you've heard about it in all the years we've been broadcasting together -- and then let them destroy their laptops, the evidence in the case? When is that ever happened before?
Yes, we don't want to bother Anthony. I think it would be a horrible assignment for any FBI guy to look through that thing. But she now, does this now open up the possibility she is going to have a real investigation?
Every FBI agent I know said that to me privately in person. Lou, good to see you. Thank you.
And up next tonight on this busy breaking news night here on "Hannity."
"Lock her up." For months, Donald Trump supporters have wanted to see Hillary Clinton behind bars. Now that James Comey has been fired, will be FBI now reopen this investigation, if we have equal justice under the law? We'll ask Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi, next.
That was President Trump back in December during his thank you tour. The crowd again started chanting "lock her up." Now that the former FBI Director James Comey has been fired, should the president grant supporters wish? It's really not his decision. That will be up to the attorney general and others in this case.
Joining us now, Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi. OK, do you have any doubt the evidence is overwhelming and incontrovertible, and I will put up the laws that I believe she has violated, that she broke the law, committed felonies, Pam, on this?
Attorney General Bondi, this is really important. The president doesn't have a say in this. And I think he disappointed some people when he said after the election let's move on, I'd rather not get involved in this. But it is not his decision, is it?
And 18-USC-793, the legal standard is gross negligence. James Comey called talked about extreme carelessness. Is there any legal distinction in your mind as an attorney general?
Pam Bondi, good to have your back and your insight and analysis. We appreciate it.
When we come back, we need your help. A very important question of the day as "Hannity" continues.
Time for our "Question of the Day." And should the FBI reopened its investigation into Hillary Clinton's private server? Absolutely. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
All right, that's all the time we have for this evening. Thanks for being with us. Sorry we didn't have time for the "Hannity" hotline. See you back here tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 150  ***************************************************
 Anything about the neighbors? Did they not know there were that many kids and that in the house and didn't see them?
All right. Thanks, Trace Gallagher.
There's evil in our time. We will have more that developing story.
Also new tonight, Democrats, in total freak-out mode and they're actually trying to blame President Trump for Hawaii's missile warning false alarm debacle over the weekend. He had nothing to do request it.
Here's what happened, during a shift change Saturday, at the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency, one employee was conducting a routine test on the alert system. The employee then accidentally sent this live alert out to everybody's cell phone: ballistic missile threat inbound to Hawaii. Seek immediate shelter. This is not a drill.
Now, naturally, it created widespread doomsday panic. Some people running for shelter, drivers who are abandoning their vehicles, others desperately calling family and friends for 38 long minutes until the false alert was corrected. More than one million people in Hawaii thought they were in imminent danger, and that this, in fact, could be the end. Thankfully, it was not.
Now, the employee that sent out the false alarm has been reassigned. And I'm sure that person, according to all reports, feels bad. And I know some people want him fired, I do not. I'm glad that employee did not get fired. Sounds like an accident. Accidents happen. And Hawaii, they're working to try to prevent this kind of egregious error from happening again.
Now, of course, none of those facts in fact matter to the left. And, of course, Democrats. Hawaii congressman, Tulsi Gabbard, literally trying to blame President Trump. If the dog bites, the bee stings and you're feeling sad, it's Trump's fault. Take a look.
You see that, CNN? More fake news.
And, by the way, the Hollywood left, they are also blaming the president. This is insane. Jim Carrey tweeted out an image of a mushroom cloud and wrote: I woke up this morning in Hawaii with ten minutes to live. It was a false alarm, but a real psychic warning. If we allow this one man Gomorrah and his corrupt Republican Congress to continue alienating the world, we are headed for suffering beyond all imagination.
All right. Two points. One, the government never shuts down. Nonessential employees get a furlough then they get paid back. The government really does stay open despite of what the doom and gloom media.
By the way, did Rand Paul say Trump who wasn't running for president cared enough about people from Haiti that he donated money to help in these operations, and helped a couple of hundred people?
I haven't heard that on any other newscast. Thank you, Ed Henry. We appreciate it.
All right. Without any further ado, it is time for tonight's breaking news. Important opening monologue.
All right. Tonight, evidence of rampant bias among special counsel Robert Mueller's team now emerging. We have been following this, we have new information tonight.
Sara Carter reporting Andrew Weissmann met with the Associated Press and journalists, he did it last April, to talk about the AP's investigation into Paul Manafort. The very next day, the Associated Press published a major story about Paul Manafort -- thank you, Andrew Weissmann -- regarding alleged money laundering.
Now, sources have told Sara Carter that in that meeting, the AP reporters, they promised to share documents and information about Manafort with the Department of Justice. By the way, a lot more on media collusion that we will be having in coming days. The AP, of course, denying that part of the story.
Here's what should be concerning to every American tonight. During the meeting with reporters, Andrew Weissmann, the number one guy appointed by Robert Mueller, the head of the Justice Department's fraud division -- and he then later, not long after, joined Mueller's investigation to look into Paul Manafort, the next month. And according to Sara Carter's reporting, Weissmann told his superiors about the meeting with the AP, and during that time, he wasn't working on the Manafort case and did not have access to documents related to it.
Here's the thing: Weissmann was discussing Paul Manafort with those reporters and then joined Mueller's team where he's leading the case against Manafort. Now, he was prejudging the case -- prejudiced. There's a massive conflict of interest. We obviously see what's going on here.
And then, there's Weissmann's disturbing history on top of it. Why would Robert Mueller ever appoint this guy that led the obstruction of justice case against Arthur Andersen Accounting and the Enron scandal? Back in the 2000s, tens of thousands of people lost their jobs. They're out of business. Thank you, Weissmann.
The Supreme Court overturned a ruling 9-0 in the case. Weissmann's job was a mess. And people also -- and, by the way, exculpatory evidence in one case that he withheld. And also responsible for putting four Merrill Lynch executives behind bars. You might not care about Merrill Lynch guys, but guess what, they were innocent, their convictions overturned this time by the fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. You would care if it was your family.
Did Robert Mueller, did he ever bother to check Weissmann's history? No, because he already knew it, they're best friends. And Mueller also didn't seem to mind that members of his investigation donated 50 grand to Obama, Clinton and the DNC, not one penny given to Donald Trump.
This is political bias. This proves the investigation has been and continues to be a total partisan sham and witch hunt, and an embarrassment, if you believe in the rule of law. It is so important tonight, and why I am saying, Andrew Weissmann not only needs to be fired but fully investigated. And Robert Mueller has a lot of explaining to do about his team of Democratic witch hunters. And they certainly need to be disbanded.
It is why the special counsel needs to be shut down once and for all. And, no, the president doesn't need to answer any of their questions because it's so fundamentally corrupt.
Congressman Jim Jordan, he is seeing what's going with Mueller's partisan probe. He is one of a handful of lawmakers that is interested in the truth. He's been asking the right questions. Take a look at the side of your screen. Congressman Jordan -- we'll scroll slowly -- a list of 18 imperative, crucial questions that need to be answered. I urge you to take a close look at these. And we'll bring it up later on the show.
Here's a few that stand out. Was the dossier the basis for securing the FISA warrant to spy on a presidential candidate, and on an opposition party and on a president-elect? And why won't the FBI show Congress the FISA application? We know the answer.
We just learned last week, sources telling me, that at first, the FISA warrant was denied to spy on members of the Trump campaign, very rare for that to happen. Then, the dossier was used to put it over the top and they got the FISA warrant.
We also need to know, did the FBI validate and corroborate that dossier? I'm being told that a Clinton supporter did. How would we trust them? These questions are the same ones we've been asking. Hillary Clinton bought and paid for it. She's going to have one of her sick, corrupt, cartel friends verify it?
Here's a key part. None of them have to do with Hillary Clinton's email server, by the way. This is just the 18 questions on one thing. It's only about the Clinton bought and paid for Russian propaganda dossier.
Let's see, we know for example that the Obama administration politicized, weaponized America's powerful tools of intelligence. Not the rank and file, just a few select at the top. Then there was spying on an opposition party, that would be Donald Trump. And what is being exposed is a massive abuse to the Constitution. We'll have more with Mark Levin on that tonight.
Now, think through this. Fusion GPS co-founder Glenn Simpson, he is the person that created the fake news dossier, he is now being exposed. In a released congressional testimony, Simpson claimed that the FBI had a human source inside the Trump Organization that helped corroborate aspects of the phony dossier. Well, it turns out Simpson wasn't accurate in his testimony. Oh, lied?
Fusion GPS has since attempted to correct the record now by saying there wasn't an FBI mole inside Trump Tower. Was there or wasn't there? Instead, it was former Trump adviser, they say, George Papadopoulos. And that was blown out of the water because Papadopoulos, if you believe this highly suspect New York Times reporting, started the Russian investigation by getting drunk and then running into -- running his mouth to an Australian diplomat about having -- Russia having dirt on Hillary Clinton. Then, the drunk gossip, you have to believe, eventually made it to FBI and they reportedly then used it to start the investigation.
Oh, four levels of hearsay. It's, what, at a nightclub? Really? All the FBI needs to do to investigate a political party during a campaign, talk to a drunk guy at a bar? That's why we need answers tonight.
And, finally, we have a major update on the Uranium One scandal that no one else covers. According to reports, federal authorities have now announced an indictment in the Russian bribery scheme connected to the corrupt deal that gave Putin and Russia and those bad actors control of 20 percent of America's uranium supply, which we have short supply of.
Former shipping company executive Mark Lambert, he is now being accused of money laundering, foreign bribery, wire fraud for allegedly bribing a Russian energy official in an effort to secure the shipping contracts we have informed you about is so important. And this new information is only a smaller piece of the bigger picture of the corruption here. This indictment is only a preview of coming attractions.
Here to react to all of these stories tonight, former deputy assistant to the president, FOX News contributor, Sebastian Gorka, FOX News legal Gregg Jarrett.
Let's go to Weissmann -- let's go -- we reported last week, the Justice Department opened up, it's now been going on for months, an investigation into Uranium One. Is this the first of many cards to fall?
What would you do if you are Manafort's attorneys tonight?
Immediately?
Would any judge accept this conflict with his track record?
How soon can you expedite that?
Wow.
Have to be.
Am I over the target? Is this all as corrupt as I think?
Sebastian Gorka, your take on all this. A lot of moving parts here tonight.
Thank you.
And opposition party candidates in an election year --
-- then spy on the president-elect.
All right. I want to ask an offbeat question.
If we know WikiLeaks and Julian Assange, and I've interviewed him five times, if we know he's the one guy that knows where he got the information from the DNC, e-mails and such, why hasn't Mueller contacted him? Wouldn't he be the one guy that you want to talk to, to find out if Russia gave it to him?
They don't want the truth is what you're saying. You're saying they don't want the truth.
I feel like I'm Jack Nicholson. You can't handle the truth. You're right.
Sebastian, last word.
Sebastian, I talked to a high, high-ranking individual today. Won't tell you who. Said this makes Watergate, in terms of FISA surveillance abuses alone, look like kindergarten.
That's the key. They did it to win an election and then overturn a duly elected president. Good to see you -- you agree with that?
Where's the media, Gregg? I'm not the only one --
Good point.
All right. Thank you both.
When we come back, Project Veritas' James O'Keefe, he's here tonight. Shocking new undercover videos that you must see showing one of the most influential companies in the world abusing power. And the great one, thank me, God bless us, Mark Levin coming up.
All right. Last week, we told you about Project Veritas and its undercover investigation into whether or not Twitter, 3.2 million followers, are targeting conservatives. We played you the hocking undercover video, one showed conversation with two Twitter engineers who explained the tech giant's ability to shadow ban users and how algorithms have been used to disproportionally target conservatives on Twitter accounts.
Now, we haven't independently verified but you get to decide yourself. Here's the video.
The Twitter spokespeople told us the FOX News Channel and the HANNITY show the individuals were speaking in a personal capacity, do not represent or speak for Twitter.
Now, the spokesperson went on to write that Twitter does not shadow ban users but does in some cases limit tweet visibility. It sounds like shadow banning -- based on the nature of the interaction and the quality of the content. Who decides?
Also tonight, this is beyond shocking, Project Veritas released their most shocking footage showing huge potential privacy abuses at the company. This time, current and former Twitter engineers admitting that employees view everything that you post on your server, including direct messages you think are private, create a, quote, virtual profile on you which they sell to advertisers and brag about looking at -- like pictures between you and your girlfriend, whatever.
Once again, take a look at the footage. You decide.
All right. So, we reached out to Twitter today for a comment on this new footage. In response, they gave us a link to their privacy policy posted on their Website and said we could use the same statement they shared last week with us, that the individuals in the videos were speaking in a personal capacity and do not represent or speak for Twitter.
All right, you see this book right here? He's author of this brand new book, "American Pravda", this is an important book. "My Fight for Truth in the Era of Fake News." James O'Keefe is with us. Let's start with the videos then we get to the book.
Ok, they're talking about shadow banning but it is worse. Direct message, this is expectation of privacy.
Bring to it divorce court?
It is unbelievable. You would think they'd get fired for his things.
That is unbelievable. There is an expectation of privacy. Look, the media hates you, fair statement?
Ok. This is stuff Mike Wallace used to do and other media used to do. But it's expensive, you get sued a lot.
And you try to release all of the tape, selectively edit, right?
Remind people how successful you were with acorn, going back to that you were dressed as pimp in the video.
In a big deal, the "Washington Post" caught you try to implicate.
But that is what they make a big deal out for you are a liberal you should be angry at this tape.
American Pravda, Pravda was the communist newspaper the former Soviet Union.
It won't give a lot of history. And I will tell you, that your success speaks for itself. Look, I look at it as a badge of honor that I'm hated so much. I think you should, too. Don't look at social media, you reminded me in the book I said that to you. Also, make sure you got your eyes in cross with this.
American Pravda. This is the book you got to read. My fight for the truth in the era of fake news. There is a lot of fake news. Good to see you.
A great one. Up next, Mark Levin. You want to hear him next.
All right, joining to us weigh in on all of today's biggest stories, I call him the great one and he deserves it, and he is about to host a brand new show right here the Fox News channel. It's like pulling teeth to get him on my show. Life, liberty and Levin. Host of CRTV Levin TV. The great one. I'm so happy you got this show. I begged you to come on my show. But I don't want to waste our time. This FISA, you talk about a post-constitutional America mark. Your books on the constitution are phenomenal, must-read by anybody who cares about it. We're seeing a Presidential candidate fix a primary, who gets an exoneration before investigation with Comey and Strzok, I am talking about Hillary, who then tries to fix by bought and paid for by Russian propaganda. Then those lies are used to get a FISA warrant against the opposition candidate and incoming president and his team. That is not post constitutional, I don't know what Mr. Levin is.
I know they did, too.
Mark, Rod Rosenstein --
They absolutely used it. We confirmed last week they used it. I had one report that said it was pushed over the top. Rod Rosenstein went into Speaker Ryan's office according to my reports and begged him, oh, place don't make us turn over stuff. Here's the question, last question, you have a minute to go. We, the media -- this is why I want you on every week. We have a media that, oh, they put --
They put Woodward and Bernstein on a pedestal. They did interesting work, good work, truth. Media that now is so biased, abusively so, complicit even. They talk about Watergate. Mark, this was about influencing a Presidential election. Using FISA warrants, Russian propaganda, Hillary DNC bought and paid for. I think it's bigger on a scale that we don't know yet. It will be bigger.
I won't give it away. They're part of the video of the day, part of the video of the day. Will you come on more often? It's not that much. When we come back.
Red, white, and Levin. Starting on Fox, Tomi Lahren next.
So last week Tomi Lahren told us that the people of the West Hollywood California were not exactly friendly when she ask them about immigration so Tomi went back to West Hollywood to ask people what their problem is with Fox News and people like me and her. Take a look.
We don't have a lot of fans there. Fox News contributor Tomi Lahren, wait a minute. Did he say I have inner and outer demons?
Did you get anybody that liked snugs I didn't see one person that liked us.
I have a great idea for next week, go back to west Hollywood, sorry, I'm so easy to give the assignments here. I sit in the comfort of the studio. You have to go back and you have to wear a "make America great again" hat and offer them for free to people. That would be great. Are you willing to do that?
I have to get a signed. You have to get a hat and jersey signed first. You can say this is really signed by the President. And see what they do. Or we'll forge his signature to make fun, tell them the truth after. Because we don't have time. Then we could say would you like a Presidential signed cap. Then you could say it's not really signed after they give their response. I almost sound like fake news CNN.
I'll get you real one.
Tomi, great work, thank you and we appreciate it. When we come back I will tell you the funniest video of the day we have ever had. This is hilarious. And the "Hannity" hotline. Straight ahead.
The best video of the day ever thanks to "Saturday Night Live" hilarious get mocking liberal Joe and liberal Mika. This is funny. Take a look.
So much better. Watch the whole thing. We will put it up on Hannity.com. All right. Time for the Hannity hotline, let us hit it.
One, two, three -- I have four. This is brutal. But keep them coming. No matter what, no matter how many. (877)255-8587. Keep my ego in check. Let not your heart be troubled. That is all the time we have left this evening. If we will always be fair and balance, never be destroy-Trump media. We have been searching diligently for Laura Ingraham's hotline. Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 151  ***************************************************
 All right, here's what they're not telling you. The destroy Trump media and the Democrats -- they're not going to tell you many of the stories that you have heard in the last two weeks that they're using to destroy President Trump and hyperventilate every night have now been proven totally false!
Now, let's start with the Trump-hating Washington Post. Last week, The Post reported that the deputy attorney general, Rod Rosenstein -- he threatened to quit because of Comey's firing. Big alarms that night. Guess what? Rosenstein quickly shot it down. Somebody in the press actually asked him, and he sat on camera for an interview, said no, he's not quitting, never threatened to quit.
On the same day, The Washington Post -- they alleged that before Comey was fired, he requested more resources for the Russia investigation. That's why he got fired. Well, big surprise, The Washington Post wrong again because the acting FBI director, Andrew McCabe, testified the next day that he'd never heard such a request.
And earlier this week, yes, The Post is back. They thought they nailed President Trump! They ran a story claiming the president leaked classified information to the Russians during last week's Oval Office visit. But people that were actually in the room -- now, they cited people outside of the White House -- they said, the people in the room, it never happened.
Also The New York Times -- they're trying to keep up, and they've been spearing Trump from day one. Earlier this week, the paper of record cited a memo from James Comey which claims that President Trump asked the now former FBI director to end the investigation into retired lieutenant general Michael Flynn, that he sent himself a memo. Now, the president, the White House have strongly denied that this ever happened.
And then, of course, there's the fact that the reporter who wrote the story never even saw the so-called memo. This is fascinating. Watch this.
As we pointed out, and we have reported on this program -- now, in January, if, in fact, they had a memo and he said that President Trump was trying to encourage him to obstruct justice, well, guess what? That would have been two felonies that James Comey would have committed because James Comey has a legal obligation to report that immediately to the Justice Department, which, by the way, he didn't do.
And then he testified in May and he said guess what? Nobody ever tried to get me to obstruct justice. Whoops!
And tonight, The New York Times is at it again. You can't make it up. And they're claiming that President Trump called James Comey, quote, a "nutjob."
But go back to the memo. The Times alluding, the president trying to get the FBI to back away from Flynn. By law, he would have had to report this immediately to the Justice Department. He was so alarmed, why didn't he say it immediately? Why didn't he report it immediately?
Now, by not doing so, Comey may have broken the two laws we're discussing. They're up there on the side of your screen. Take a look at them.
Then there's the fact that when Comey appeared before Congress on May 3rd -- well, remember? He was asked about the potential for interference with an FBI investigation. Well, did that ever happen? Wouldn't it be big if it happened? This is what he said.
Not happened. President Trump then asked James Comey to stop looking into Michael Flynn. Wouldn't that have been the perfect time to bring it up? And he said it never happened. Remember, that meeting was in January. This was in May when he testified.
And last week, during a congressional hearing, the acting FBI director, Andrew McCabe -- he said there's been no efforts to impede the Russia investigation, in spite of everything your friends in the news media that lie to you every night are telling you.
What you're seeing play out here is well orchestrated, well organized attack. They want to take down a sitting U.S. president, Democrats, the propaganda media. They're throwing everything they have at President Trump, and the deep state. And now instead of working on making the country a better place, enacting their agenda, the president is now forced to spend the majority of his time defending the lies, the smears, the conspiracy theories.
Now, here's what everyone is missing. The left is successful because they've been able to slow down his agenda dramatically. That's a win for them because they're not thinking about you and what you voted for this election, the economy, creating jobs, fixing health care, foreign policy. No! They want to create chaos because they think that brings them back to power. That's what's at stake here.
Here with reaction, from the American Center for Law and Justice, Jay Sekulow, the co-host for "The Five," Juan Williams. Guys, good to see you both.
Jay, let's -- let's -- this is very, very important. James Comey, if, in fact, he thought the president was obstructing justice and didn't report it-- do those two felonies I put up -- do they play out for him? Would he have violated the law?
And he also laid out felony after felony that Hillary committed. All right--
-- and that goes to the e-mail server scandal, didn't investigate the foundation. And we know that releasing intelligence like they did on Michael Flynn -- we know that violates the Espionage Act.
Juan, I guess my question for you is, when a story comes out and it turns out not to be true, like in this particular case, you know, how does the media get away with that and they keep just making, as The Washington Post three mistakes in a week?
Thank you.
Well, they've been -- wait a minute! Obama hates him, too.
He's a threat to the swamp!
But that is -- those five components, what I'm arguing is the swamp. And he threatens -- he's an existential threat to all of those groups. And they -- the Republicans, weak Republicans and never-Trumpers, hated him from day one.
Regulations--
All of this.
Let me -- let me--
Let me ask you both something--
Let me -- let me ask you both. All of this -- and -- and both Clapper and Admiral Rogers have both said that there's no evidence as it relates to Russian collusion. All the narrative and the hysteria in the media seems to surround this. So I want to ask you this question.
And I am not backing off asking questions, even though there is an effort that nobody talk about Seth Rich. Now, I've interviewed Julian Assange on radio and TV many times. And I've asked him about where those Wikileaks DNC emails came from that resulted in Debbie Wasserman Schultz's firing.
This kid got shot in the back. They said it was a robbery. Yet he had his watch, his wallet and his phone. I don't believe it's a robbery.
But I asked Julian, was it the Russians? And then listen to what Julian said in a Dutch interview.
By the way, my thoughts and prayers go out to this family, Jay Sekulow, then I want Juan to really fully respond. If he says it's not Russia and he sounds -- he comes so close to the line saying it was this kid. Let's put the kid out of it for a minute. I feel sorry for his family.
But what if it was somebody that was so disgruntled in the DNC at how they cheated Bernie and how the fix was in, if that turned out to be true that somebody did that, wouldn't that completely wipe out the entire Russia lie we've heard for months and months?
All right, let me--
That's such a good point.
But you know, Juan, when you -- when you listen to Julian deny Russia, talk about one individual -- but let's put aside the individual -- knowing that Bernie was cheated and they stole it from him, they colluded, does that not raise eyebrows that this whole thing could be a lie to you?
Last question.
All right, we got to run.
I got to roll. Good to see you guys.
Up next on this busy breaking Friday news night, President Trump traveling to Saudi Arabia for his first overseas trip as commander-in-chief. Will he go on an apology tour? He's slated to give a speech about radical Islam on Sunday. I doubt it. Up next, Dr. Sebastian Gorka.
And also tonight--
The destroy Trump media continues with their biased, abusively biased reporting. We get reaction, Joe Concha, Byron York.
But disgraced former congressman Anthony Weiner facing years behind bars after pleading guilty to sexting with a teen. And we'll check in with that on this busy news night straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." And tonight, President Trump is traveling to Saudi Arabia in the first stop on his first foreign trip. Now, as president this morning, before he left, President Trump tweeted, quote, "Getting ready for my big foreign trip, will be strongly protecting America's interests. That's what I like to do."
Now, while in Saudi Arabia, the president expected to give a major speech on the need to confront radical Islam. Joining us now, the deputy assistant to the president, Dr. Sebastian Gorka.
You know -- you know, I keep talking about the cycle, the breathless reporting, all the phony stories, New York Times, Washington Post, I mentioned in the last segment. And here's the president -- he had a great relationship, connection with the Chinese president that is bearing fruit vis-a-vis troops on the border with North Korea. Beef industry is being helped out. You know, really good connection.
He met with the Saudi prince, the Israeli prime minister, king of Jordan and the president -- President el-Sisi of Egypt. He's making a lot of progress. He's taking on terror in -- as we know, in Syria and elsewhere.
But all people want to talk about -- they gave secrets away because somebody outside the White House that wasn't in the room said so! Is it hard for the president to govern with all this garbage that's going on?
You know, Dr. Gorka, you wrote a book about that we can defeat radical Islam. Is there this new emerging alliance -- Israel, the Saudis, the Jordanians, and maybe the Emirates emerging that could be a force, that could take on Iranian hegemony, radical Islam and ISIS all at the same time and actually win?
You know, one of the things that I think I'm most concerned about is -- I didn't like Rex Tillerson's comments about -- he seemed to be sort of using his negotiating chip the idea of moving the capital to Jerusalem. I'm not sure if I agree with that.
The second thing is, is it possible to have any peace with the Palestinians, with the Israelis, if they continue to pay terrorists and their families large sums of money, hundreds of millions of dollars after they kill innocent men, women and children, Israelis and Americans? I don't see how it's possible.
One thing I know is not going to be happening, Dr. Gorka. This is not going to be an apology tour. That will be refreshing. Good to see you.
And coming up on this busy breaking Friday news night here on "Hannity"--
All right, "The View's" Whoopi Goldberg says President Obama was treated, oh, just as unfairly, or even moreso than President Trump. We have a new study just released -- it proves that's not true. We'll get reaction from Joe Concha and Byron York.
And also on this busy Friday news night--
Vladimir Putin did it! Of course. The Democrats won't stop pushing the bizarre tinfoil hat conspiracy theories. Lisa Boothe, Ric Grenell weigh in.
Also, disgraced former Democratic congressman Anthony Weiner pleading guilty to sexting with a teenager. He could spend years behind bars -- straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Tonight time for our "Fake News Roundup." Over the past 24 hours the mainstream media's coverage has been downright vicious. You can't make this stuff up. It's every single hour of every day.
Now, I want you to keep that montage in mind when you listen to this clip from "The View's" Whoopi Goldberg who recently said President Obama was treated much worse than Donald Trump. Really? Watch this.
Maybe Whoopi didn't see the new Harvard study because that found Trump's coverage during his first 100 days set a new standard for negativity. In fact the study shows a whopping 80 percent of President Trump's media coverage has been negative compared to just 41 percent for Obama.
Joining us now, Fox News contributor Byron York, and from The Hill Joe Concha. All right, Joe, we know it. We see it. It's every night. But one thing you can't measure is the breathless intensity that also goes along with the coverage.
The economic numbers are good.
Joe, they can spin anything. They lie. That's part of their strategy. Byron?
I agree with that. You know, Joe, you have your colleagues in the media, I notice you are a little separate and apart from a lot of them, especially on Twitter where they're like you tweet my story, I'll tweet your story. Is there a group think that is almost impenetrable now?
Last word, Byron?
Look, there was a funny story in The Business Insider. Journalists drink too much, are bad at managing emotions, and operate at lower level than average according to a new study. But they hate me so what do I know?
That's true. It's not. That's not excuse for their sloppiness and their propaganda.
Up next tonight on this busy Friday breaking news night.
Democratic Congresswoman Maxine Waters continues to say and expand on bizarre conspiracy theories. Also tonight, creepy former Democratic congressman Anthony Weiner could be going to jail after pleading guilty today to sexting with a teen. We'll get reaction, Lisa Boothe, Ric Grenell.
And later one-on-one I go with Obama economic advisor Austan Goolsbee. Stay with us.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Democratic California Congresswoman Maxine Waters is at it again. She's now floating one of the most bizarre conspiracy theories coming from the Democratic side of the aisle. This is a great one. Watch this.
Now, Congresswoman Waters she didn't stop there naturally. She went on to predict Donald Trump's impeachment, all while admitting she has no evidence to back up her accusation. Take a look.
And also tonight, another sad development in the life of disgraced former Democratic congressman Anthony Weiner. He pled guilty today to one count of sending obscene messages to a minor. Now as part of a plea deal for sexting an under-aged girl, well earlier in court, Weiner sobbed as he was entering his plea telling the judge, quote, "I have a sickness but I do not have an excuse." Weiner now faces multiple years in prison and will have to register as a sex offender.
Joining us now, Lisa Booth, former spokesman for the U.S. ambassador to the U.N. Ric Grenell. Lisa --
I didn't think it could get any better than Dan Rather saying that Donald Trump is now the hunted by the media. I think Maxine Waters got pretty close with the "lock her up" came from Putin.
I don't even know. Vladimir gave Trump, his audience at town hall "lock her up." Really, Ric? I don't know what zone we are entering here anymore it's gotten so bizarre.
The dark state.
Agreed.
Well, I would imagine they are in a deep state. That's my suspicion, my deeply held position. But, think about it. Dan Rather, I can't even believe these words are flying out of my mouth. He is kind of right. He was just on. They are hunting the president. He is the hunted. And it's the deep state. It's the Democrats. It's the media. They are hunting him.
Ric, last word.
These unnamed deep state bureaucrats, they will decide, not the people. That's scary. Thank you both.
When we come back, President Trump set to unveil his budget proposal next week. The prior administration left him with a complete mess. One-on-one, me and former economic adviser for Obama, Austan Goolsbee, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So President Trump's first budget will be released next week. And we are getting a sneak peek at what it will include. According to reports the president is planning to propose $200 billion in infrastructure spending over 10 years. There will also be substantial cuts to food stamps and other programs. President Obama, well, he left President Trump with an economic mess. This is just one step needed to clean it all up. Will it work?
Joining us now, former Obama economic advisor Austan Goolsbee. You know, there was a report out this weekend, I thought of you, because we're such good friends. So we didn't --- the first time ever a sitting president never reached three percent GDP growth ever in the history of the country for single year. We might have four percent growth next month alone. I'm sure that would make you feel very happy in the Trump effect would make you very gleeful.
He's the only president ever in a year, he's the only president in the history of the country to never reach three percent growth in a year.
I said that. That's correct.
With all due respect, what's the date he became the president. What's the date Donald Trump became president? I know you know history.
But the bottom line is that would be Obama's month and Obama's quarter.
If you look down the list, I think there was one quarter in eight years, maybe tow that he got three percent. That's it. Under two, that's a fact.
Are you going to pat me on the head and patronize me.
Not at all.
Hang on a second.
We have argued on this program for years. And I have kind of playfully admonished you as being the architect of, let's see, the lowest labor participation rate since the 70s, 13 million more Americans on food stamps, 8 million more in poverty.
Lowest home ownership rate in 51 years. So you kind of want to flip it on me because you supported -- and a doubling of the debt which is irresponsible and unpatriotic according to somebody.
You know what I would like to do. I would like to take out the incorrigible years that the police took me home to my mother. But that's not way life works.
My mother has been gone a long time, rest her soul.
All right, because I do win. Facts say a lot of things. But I guess the thing is I would hope that you think that America needs what the president is offering. I'm not so sure I love all the infrastructure, but I do love the tax cuts. I love reoperation. I do love energy independence, the jobs that can be created and process of getting there. Are those things we can agree on?
Yes, but the infrastructure, what I like about it going to do private-public partnerships. All right, Austan, I still like you, and please tell your better half.
All right, my friend, thank you. And when we come back, a very important Friday "Question of the Day." Stay with us.
All right, time for our "Question of the Day" on this busy Friday night. So what do you think that President Trump will accomplish during his first overseas trip. I know it's not about Russia, really. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
That's all the time we have this evening. Thank you for being with us. See you back here on Monday. Have a great weekend.

show#: 152  ***************************************************
 Oh, really? I know nothing about that? Well, that's what you just heard her say. Was she lying in that clip? Well, new reports today indicate yes, yes, she was.
Now, keep in mind this new information about Susan Rice comes on the heels of the smoking gun tape that was uncovered last week that we played on the program of former Obama official Dr. Evelyn Farkas admitting not only surveillance took place but the names were also unmasked and they wanted them leaked!
Now, tonight, we are demanding answers to these questions. The American people, you now have a right to know. For example, what justification did Susan Rice have to unmask these names? That's pretty unprecedented. What did Ben Rhodes know? What did the former director of National Intelligence James Clapper know? What did the former CIA Director John Brennan know?
Was this done for pure political purposes under the ruse of national security? And more importantly, what did then-President Obama know and when did he know it? Did President Obama and members of his administration, did they knowingly surveil an opposition party or an incoming president? America deserves answers tonight.
Now, before we get to that, we bring in Adam Housley with the very latest on his explosive new report. Adam, this is a huge deal and a big development. Let's talk about it.
All right, Adam, great reporting. We really appreciate it. We're going to stay on it.
Joining us now with more from Bloomberg View, Eli Lake, from CircaNews.com, Sara Carter. Eli, let's start with you. Welcome to the program.
All right, so incidental surveillance -- this is what Devin Nunes was talking about, OK, but what bothered him. Now we find out Susan Rice seemingly is purposely unmasking the names of people, but only Trump transition team's member (sic) or maybe even then candidate Trump -- what those conversations were, if they were picked up, quote, "incidentally."
Why is that dangerous? And why should the American people understand the seriousness of this?
All right, and Sara, so why would Susan Rice, especially as it relates to everything that we have been talking about, take incidental surveillance and ask -- this is raw intelligence -- ask for the unmasking, but only seemingly in the case of the Trump transition team or perhaps even Trump as a candidate?
How dangerous is that when the White House, an administration, a sitting administration, is surveilling and using legitimate surveillance to basically surveill on an opposition party?
Shocking.
Clapper, Brennan...
Raw intelligence...
That should never have...
Even if it was legitimate intelligence gathering, they're basically using that as a means to spy on innocent Americans without the benefit of a warrant. Good way to put it?
Right.
What would be the logical reason short of they wanted to use legitimate intelligence gathering as a ruse to get to the Trump transition team and maybe even candidate Trump, if it goes back to July?
Wow.
All right, I got to break...
All right, standard operating procedures is you do not identify the identity of an American because you don't have a warrant for that -- that surveillance. Standard operating procedure is when you're writing up a report, they would usually put in American and identify nobody. But in this specific case, specific cases, we have Susan Rice asking for the names of those people.
More with Eli and Sara right after this break.
Also later tonight, Senator Ted Cruz is here with the very latest on whether Republicans will be able to push through a confirmation vote for Judge Gorsuch.
And later tonight...
The mayor of Newark, New Jersey, making outrageous claims against the Trump administration for trying to protect Americans living in sanctuary cities. Geraldo Rivera, Sheriff David Clarke -- they have a shootout coming up on this busy news night tonight here on "Hannity."
And welcome back to "Hannity" as we continue now with Eli Lake and Sara Carter. All right, is there any indication that any of the unmasking requests of Susan Rice had to do with anything other than the incidental surveillance of Trump transition members, associates, or is this just exclusively on Trump? Do we know, either one of you?
Why would we believe her? She went on five Sunday shows and lied repeatedly about Benghazi. How can you trust her?
But it goes even deeper, Sara, because her unmasking set the stage, if you will, for the leaking that took place. We know a felony was committed in the case of Lieutenant General Michael Flynn. So you know, why would they want to know all these things? And maybe this was the whole false narrative thing that Evelyn Farkas was talking about, that a lot of people might have now known.
It's also spying. Yes, it's unreasonable search and seizure.
Wow!
Listen, you know what you're describing? You're describing -- and maybe if they technically shifted the law without anybody paying attention, they seem to be using under the guise of national security and legitimate surveillance, an opportunity to do something worse than Watergate, which is to spy on a presidential candidate, opposition party, and an incoming president, a president-elect, and his transition team. That's what it looks like to me. Does that look that way to you, Sara?
And Russia had nothing to do with it, and now we learn that this Russian conspiracy is a lie. True or false?
We know there's no evidence...
We know there's no evidence of any collision.
All right, I got to let you go. Thank you both for being with us.
And coming up, Senator Ted Cruz goes on the attack against Democrats who are intent in holding up the vote on Judge Gorsuch and filibustering, which is unprecedented historically. He'll join us next with the very latest.
And also tonight...
Wow. Fugitive slave catchers? The mayor of Newark, New Jersey, accusing the Trump administration of trying to turn sanctuary cities into fugitive slave catchers. Geraldo Rivera, Sheriff David Clarke -- they'll debate that issue and much more as we continue on this busy news night.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So the Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell said that Judge Neil Gorsuch will be confirmed this week, but many Senate Democrats -- they're vowing to block this from happening by any means necessary. Now, this could lead to very bitter and unprecedented confirmation showdown. And that's tonight's mini-monologue.
All right, way back in 2013, when Democrats had control of the Senate and President Obama was in the White House, well, then-Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, well, he changed long-standing Senate precedents and eliminated the 60-vote threshold that is needed for the confirmation of Obama nominees.
And for three years after that, many Senate Democrats argued that this precedent of an up or down vote should be applied to all appointments, including Obama's Supreme Court nomination of Merrick Garland. You may remember this.
All right, now the tables are turned, Republicans are in control of the Senate and the White House, and while a confirmation of Judge Neil Gorsuch hangs in the balance, the hypocrisy of Senate Democrats is on full display. Listen to what Senate minority leader Chuckie Schumer had to say just last month.
Now, this obstruction comes on the heels of an impressive performance by Judge Gorsuch during the confirmation hearings where Democrats tried and failed to smear President Trump's Supreme Court pick. They didn't land a punch.
Now Senate Democrats are vowing to use, well, the last option of obstruction that's available, the filibuster. Now, currently, only four Democrats are promising to oppose the filibuster, and that means that such a filibuster is highly possible and Republicans will be left with one option, to invoke the nuclear option or the constitutional option and extend Harry Reid's 50-vote threshold for the first time ever to a Supreme Court nominee.
Joining us now, Texas senator Ted Cruz. Senator, the real unprecedent -- the real lack of precedents here -- it's never happened before in over 200 years, a partisan Democratic Party that will not allow an up or down vote because they know they'll lose. So what do you think happens?
It's funny how Schumer tries to shift the blame to the Republicans when he's doing something that's never happened, and that is he's filibustering an up or down vote, so it's really him that's doing it.
Let me move on. I know you have been very active and very supportive coming up with creative solutions and meeting with a lot of people as it relates to health care. From my perspective, getting it right is far more important than any artificial timetable. What do you see happening in the process right now?
Senator, it's about two simple things. Nobody cares about the Byrd rule, cloture, reconciliation. What they care about are lower premiums and better health care.
And you're working with all these varying groups. You're even working with moderates and conservatives. Everybody knows I guess that they can't get everything they want, right?
Cooperatives.
And that's what the president promised.
One of the things I've been hearing is that you and the president are really getting along very well. I know in the last two weeks two Ted Cruz bills were signed into law by the president. Tell us about the relationship.
I've got to tell you, senator, this is an important time for the country, and so much hangs in the balance. We have got to stop this precipitous decline. Thank you for the work you are doing. Great to have your back. Good to see you, sir. Thank you.
And up next, the major of Newark, New Jersey says the Trump administration is trying to make sanctuary cities into, quote, "fugitive slave catchers." Geraldo Rivera, Sheriff David Clarke, they have a shoot- out coming up next.
Also the new head of the DNC unloads. Tom Perez says Republicans, they don't a bleep-bleep about a people. Larry Elder, Michael Cohen weigh in on that and more on this busy news night.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So President Trump signed an executive order back in January cutting federal funding into sanctuary cities that refuse to uphold the law and cooperate with federal authorities. Yesterday the mayor of Newark, New Jersey, made these outrageous comments about the Trump administration's policy. Take a look at this.
"Fugitive slave catchers," really? Here with reaction, the other of the bestselling book "Cop Under Fire," Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke, Fox News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera. First of all, he doesn't get to decide what is constitutional or un-American. He doesn't make the laws of the land and he doesn't get to pick and choose which ones he's going to choose to obey. But to use the slave analogy, really?
Nobody is talking about them. What the president is looking to do is to get criminal aliens -- how many mothers and fathers have you interviewed over the years that lost their kids to criminal aliens that we had in the system that we never deported?
But you even have admitted he has.
Why not? Let me start with Sheriff Clarke. Sheriff, I interviewed a father, and here was a guy that killed his son who was working overnight at a convenience store. He couldn't get the cigarettes fast enough for this guy. He had been convicted. He had spent time. he had kidnapped and raped a woman and held her for a week against her will, and we didn't deport the guy. Now his then 21-year-old son is dead. And I've met many parents like this.
Let me give you one statistic. And I sat through a security briefing in Texas. In a seven year period of time illegal immigrants committed, including rape and murder, 642,000 crimes against Texans in a seven year period. Why should Texans be the victims of these crimes?
That's not true. In 2015, if you look at federal sentencing, 36 percent were illegal immigrants. I've got to give Sheriff Clarke the last word. Sheriff?
All right, thank you both.
Coming up, celebrity snowflakes, they continue to spiral out of control. Plus, the new head of the DNC caught on tape saying Republicans don't give a bleep about people. The disgusting language of the left seems to know no bounds. We'll check in with Larry Elder, Michael Cohen, that's next as "Hannity" continues on this busy news night.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So it has been a little more than a month since Tom Perez took the reins of the Democratic National Committee, but the newly elected DNC chair already looks like he's becoming, well, unhinged. Watch this moment of clarity.
Is that like Michelle Obama, you go low, we go high? Anyway, joining now with reaction, Salem nationally syndicated radio host Larry Elder and personal attorney to President Trump and the national deputy chairman of the RNC finance leadership team, Michael Cohen. Welcome back, Michael, good to see you. What you make of just of that? Because he's unhinged and clearly the snowflakes, they can't stop. It's like they can't get over they lost.
Let me go to Larry. This is also the destroy-Trump media. Let's look at the L.A. Times for example. The editorial board put out an op-ed, "Our Dishonest President." You've got Chelsea Handler in a speech Saturday calling the president a "blanking loser." Then you've got that slob Michael Moore, and he's saying Trump made a declaration of war against the actual planet. The planet? The planet?
There's something different in this case, though. You are right about every observation you are making. You're right about what they did to President Obama. We were hard on this program against President Obama. But Michael, if I used the same incendiary language, somehow I don't think it would become --
I would hire you as my lawyer. You'd keep me in.
Let me go to Tina Fey. So she was at and ACLU fundraiser, Larry. And I want to play that, and I will follow up with an article by Robert Redford, "The Way We Were." There's a certain level of arrogant condescension here towards the people that actually voted for the president. Watch this.
White college-educated women should go back to watching HDTV. They aren't as smart as her?
Look at Robert Redford. He writes an op-ed for the "Washington Post" titled "45 Years after Watergate the truth is again in danger." Maybe he doesn't realize he was acting like Woodward and Bernstein.
They ratchet it up. They ratchet it up higher and higher.
All right, guys, good to see you both.
I tried to watch it but I fell asleep.
Thank you both for being with us.
Up next, we need your help, a very important "Question of the Day," and the mean, horrible voicemails you left for me on the "Hannity" hotline straight ahead.
Time for our "Question of the Day." It's simple. Should Judge Neil Gorsuch get the up or down vote? Democrats, they don't even want an up or down vote. It's 200 years, unprecedented, a filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee that is beyond qualified. We want to hear from you. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
All right, hit me with your best shot. Time for the messages you left for me. Occasionally there's a nice one on the "Hannity" hotline.
If I throw a real football, which I've done, I break the lights, and every time I break the lights, our lighting guy gets pissed off and I have to fix it and pay for it. So this is the only one I am legally allowed to have in studio right now, or I get fined. So that's why.
Anyway, we have fun anyway. Have something to say, nice, mean? Call the number on your screen, 877-225-8587. That's all the time we have left this evening. Thanks for being with us. We will see you back here with more explosive details on surveillance, unmasking, and leaking intelligence. Wow, this is huge. See you tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 153  ***************************************************
 The FBI decides not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton over the use of her private e-mail server despite a mountain of evidence of wrongdoing. Doug Schoen, Jay Sekulow and Judge Jeanine Pirro are here with legal reaction.
Then Hillary Clinton is caught repeatedly lying about her private e-mail server.
Laura Ingraham and former governor Mike Huckabee will weigh in.
And Director Comey says Clinton's e-mail account could have been hacked.
Dr. Sebastian Gorka and Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Peters will have reaction. All of that and the Trump campaign responds. Eric Trump will join us.
"Hannity" starts right here, right now.
And welcome to "Hannity." And tonight, the FBI decides not to recommend criminal charges over Hillary Clinton's use of a private e-mail server during her time and tenure as secretary of state. Now, this comes despite the fact that the bureau said that Clinton and her staff were, quote, "extremely careless" with how they handled classified information.
Now, here's FBI director James Comey from earlier today.
Here with reaction, the chief counsel for the American Center for Law and Justice Jay Sekulow, former Clinton pollster, FOX News contributor Doug Schoen, and the host of "Justice," Judge Jeanine Pirro.
Jay, let's go to the heart of what we just heard James Comey said here. By the way, we'll get to the lies -- and they're numerous -- that Hillary has been called out on in this statement by Comey from earlier today.
But we've got to go to 18, U.S. Code 18, section 793. And he said she -- they acted extremely carelessly. The statute says gross negligence. Can you explain what the difference is?
So was he -- this is the thing. I'm watching the first 15 minutes. I think, Wow, he's going to do this.
And then the last two minutes, he pulled back because he was laying out the case.
Judge Jeanine, let's talk about this. I think the most stunning thing that Comey said today was when he said, To be clear -- well, let me play it. This is not in similar circumstances a person who engaged in this activity would face no consequences. To the contrary. Watch this.
So he...
But that's one of the punishments if you...
... if you mishandle classified information.
How can you respect it? He laid out an overwhelming case here.
All right...
Now let's go...
Doug, let me ask you the political question.
Most Americans think she's dishonest and untrustworthy already.
OK. We learn last week she lied on the issue of Benghazi and the YouTube video.
It was very clear because she was telling her daughter and the Libyan president...
... and the Egyptian prime minister, you know, one thing at the same time she was telling us something else. Well, she said she never sent or received anything classified.
Lie. James Comey called her out on it.
She said she carried one device for convenience. That was a lie.
She carried multiple devices. She said she turned over everything that was work-related.
That was a lie, too.
Because she had multiple servers. She also said she erased e- mails because it was about yoga, a wedding, and a funeral. Well, it turns out they find classified materials on that which she deleted, but they were able to recover!
Another lie!
Is she the congenital liar that William Safire once wrote about, a pathological liar? Because she seems to lie every day!
No, I don't think so, either. Bill Clinton meeting Lynch was not a coincidence, either.
So even though she has been identified as lying throughout for the last 16 months to all of us...
And you admit she lied.
OK. You know, I don't know what to say to that, Jay. I mean, is that what the American people want?
He politicized...
... be politicized.
All right, then let me...
Judge?
What?
Yes.
Why not?
I agree.
She should have been indicted.
So Comey put Hillary above the law. That would not happen to any of the rest of us.
Yes, Jay.
Someone told him he had to get to!
So when you talk about extreme carelessness versus gross negligence, and then you pile on lie after lie after lie for 16 months...
... consequences for that? Seriously?
She deleted 34,000 e-mails. That doesn't show the intent that...
Right!
Wouldn't this be a felony punishable by 10 years?
You will for somebody...
Troubled. The rules are going out the window here. I would be handcuffed, perp walked...
... mug-shotted and sent to prison, and you would be saying, Oh, Sean was a nice guy. I used to like him.
All right, thank you.
All right, coming up, we have a busy night tonight on "Hannity."
FBI director James Comey exposes Hillary Clinton's repeated lies about her private e-mail server. Now, we're going to show you the tape back and forth and prove how many times she's lied, and we'll get reaction from Laura Ingraham and Governor Mike Huckabee.
And then later tonight...
Did Hillary also compromise your national security by using that private e-mail server? We'll check in with Dr. Sebastian Gorka and Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Peters.
All of that plus Eric Trump will join us live in studio. And who do you think Donald Trump should choose for VP? Straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So while James Comey said the FBI doesn't recommend prosecuting Hillary Clinton for using a private e-mail server during her time as secretary of state, Comey's remarks did highlight multiple instances where Clinton has been less than truthful in her numerous attempts to downplay this ongoing scandal. Take a look.
So many lies by Hillary Clinton. Now, earlier tonight, during a rally in North Carolina, Donald Trump reacted to the FBI's recommendation. Watch this.
And joining us now with reaction, FOX News contributor Laura Ingraham, former 2016 Republican presidential candidate, former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee.
Laura, on the one hand, I actually think is good for Trump. I think Trump is better off going up against Hillary than Biden or whoever they'd thrown in last minute.
But let's go through these lies. She said one device. She had multiple devices. She never sent or received anything classified, marked classified. That was a lie. You know, she turned over everything work- related. Well, some of the deleted e-mails had classified information on it. So that was a lie, too. Numerous safeguards -- there were zero safeguards in this case. Cooperative as possible, turned over a server. OK. There were multiple servers.
And then, of course, we have the whole big lie about, well, those deleted e-mails were about yoga, a wedding, a funeral, and e-mails with Bill Clinton, who doesn't e-mail. How does this impact people's thoughts about her and the election?
Well, you know...
... you're right about that, but it's -- it's also the 34 or 32,000 e-mails that she decided on her own...
... that she was going to delete, and some of which were classified. You know, maybe we're playing Clinton word games again, Governor Huckabee here, you know, extreme carelessness, gross negligence -- it seems -- watched the first 15 minutes, and I thought, Oh, my gosh, Comey is going to pull the trigger on this and do the right thing, until he got to the "however" part. Reaction.
Listen, Comey put Hillary above the law today, and that...
... and he laid out the case as well as anybody at how this should be a criminal case. And then, Laura, he said one thing that really struck me. He said, to be clear, this is not to suggest that in similar circumstances, that a person engaging in this activity would face no consequences. To the contrary, those individuals are often subject to...
... security and administrative sanctions.
And I have a whole list of people who have been!
But this is two weeks ago...
She has been exposed as a liar at the highest level, you know, telling Chelsea and the Libyan president and Egyptian prime minister...
... it's a terror attack, but telling us something else. What do you make? -- should we read into, Governor, the fact that, OK, you have Loretta Lynch and Bill Clinton, they meet on the plane. Then Saturday, the FBI interviews Hillary. And then Hillary is out there today on the day that Comey makes his announcement. She's out there with Barack Obama. It all seems too cozy to me.
You want the same rules applied to you. You want...
... to be adopted by...
I tell you...
I agree. Guys, good to see you.
Coming up next tonight right here on "Hannity"...
So did Hillary put our national security in jeopardy by using her unsecure e-mail server? We'll ask Dr. Sebastian Gorka and Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Peters. That's coming up next.
Also, we get more reaction to the FBI's recommendation with Donald Trump's son, Eric. That and more tonight here on "Hannity."
FBI director James Comey earlier today talking about the possibility of, yes, hackers gaining access to Hillary Clinton's private e- mail server while she was secretary of state. Did she put your national security at risk?
Joining us now, the author of "The Damned of Petersburg," FOX News strategic analyst Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Peters, as well of "DefeatingJihad: The Winnable War," and the distinguished chair of military theory at Marine Corps University, Dr. Sebastian Gorka.
Listen to what he's saying. Well, we wouldn't be able to see the evidence because they're so clean. They would get in and out without us knowing. It was a well-known domain. And by the way, she did use it on hostile territory. So it's probably likely -- He's saying they got it.
That's how I interpret it.
SAP.
Colonel Peters, do you agree with that assessment?
She actually said -- and I'll throw this to you -- that there were numerous safeguards. The Secret Service surrounded it. There was no safeguards at all. That was another lie on top of every other lie she told about this.
Sent or received.
He obliterated every lie she told, which made me think he was going in a different direction. Why would he obliterate the lies and then say, no --
Colonel Peters?
Powerful statements by both of you. Thanks so much. Dr. Gorka, thank you, Lieutenant Colonel Peters, thank you.
Coming up, we'll get reaction from the Trump campaign. Donald Trump's son Eric will join us in studio to weigh in on the FBI's recommendation about Hillary Clinton and her private server scandal.
And then later tonight, is Donald Trump close to making his V.P. pick, and who should he choose? That and more tonight on HANNITY.
All right, that was Donald Trump earlier tonight at a rally in North Carolina. Joining us now, Donald Trump's son, Eric Trump. Good to see you, sir. Appreciate you being here.
At least to operate Air Force One for an hour, Hillary and Obama out there today, it's $206,000 an hour, and that doesn't include all the --
Everything else that is associated with it. That's five hours, $1 million, taxpayers, they pay for it. Shouldn't the campaign pay for that?
You do a lot of philanthropy. You know about these -- think about, All right, so he's getting as the chancellor of this laureate university, he's getting $16.5 million over a couple-year period of time. And the State Department while she's the secretary of state gives that university system $55 million. Isn't that called a kickback?
I think the conflict of interest is so great, and for a week I kept putting up on the screen the money she would take from countries that treat women, gays, lesbians, Christians and Jews horribly. And she took all this money. How could she possibly say no to them? They're buying her influence.
And more for the library.
Well said. This is something I would expect. James Comey today is something I would think I would see in Cuba or Venezuela. She lied last week, we learned about. She told us that it was a YouTube video, but she told her daughter and the Libyan president and the Egyptian prime minister that it was a YouTube video. Well, she said she never sent or received classified information. Lie. False. She deleted 30 some odd thousand e- mails. They weren't about yoga, a wedding, and a funeral, but because some of those were classified. We had top secret classified information. She had multiple devices, multiple servers, not the ones she claimed. And she didn't even turn over, you know, all her servers. She has turned over a server.
Let's go back to that, because, interestingly, so Bill and Loretta Lynch meet on the plane. Now, ‘The New York Times,’ interestingly, they didn't even report on it the next day. But, all right, so that meeting happens. She gets the convenience of a Saturday three and a half hour session with the FBI. I don't know how many other people would be accommodated that way. Then Comey comes out, and then she's on Air Force One and we're paying for it with Barack Obama campaigning for her today.
That is the person. That's it.
But it does feed into the narrative. Your dad is really good at branding people, and we saw that in the primaries. But ‘Crooked Hillary.’ The last two weeks, Benghazi, the Benghazi report, then of course today. I mean I watched the first 15 minutes of Comey, and I said, wow, he's going to do it.
And then at the end it was the "however," even though other people have done far less and got severe penalties. Isn't it better in the end for your dad, if you really think about it, that she survive as a weak candidate, that people do not trust, do not believe is honest, and she be the candidate?
I'm not saying -- it's sad.
She lied repeatedly.
We had men and women in military that were told to change their clothes four times out of uniform.
And they never sent anybody to help these Americans under attack. It's unbelievable.
Last question. How soon can we expect a VP choice?
Before the convention, maybe?
You're not giving me anything on this, are you?
Eric, thanks so much for being with us, appreciate it.
When we come back, who should Donald Trump pick to be his running mate? New reports indicate he is narrowing down that list. We'll get to that and much more tonight here on HANNITY.
Welcome back to HANNITY. So Donald Trump is beginning to narrow down his VP list. This holiday weekend he met with several possible contenders. There's also a poll up on ‘The Drudge Report"’asking who should be Trump's running mate. The polls list Governor Chris Christie, Senator Bob Corker, Senator Joni Ernst, former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich, Governor Mike Pence, and Senator Jeff Sessions.
Here now to weigh in, from the 'Washington Examiner,' contributor Lisa Boothe, and Republican strategist, Florida congressional candidate, Noelle Nikpour. So for most of the day Newt is at 40, leading, pretty big lead. Joni Ernst interestingly in second place with 30 percent. Sessions at 14. Pence stayed around seven percent all day. Christie five-and-a-half, Corker, 1.5. I'll tell you why I like Newt and you guys tell me if I'm right or wrong. If Donald Trump wants to be the real reform president that he says he wants to be, there is only one guy that can help him get there, help him with Congress. He's the smartest strategist. He's a brilliant tactician, and he's done it before. That's why I would say Newt is the guy. Noelle?
Yes. What do you think?
He's going to push dramatic change. He's not a half-measures guy. And I don't think this is a half-measures moment for the country. If you want to transform this country, go with one guy that balanced the budget, the one guy that did something big and transformative for the country. Joni Ernst has no national experience, relatively little national experience. Nice lady. Sessions, I don't think he has the dynamic personality for that job if you really want dynamic change. Pence, frankly I view him as pretty establishment. And I don't see Pence walking into Paul Ryan's and McConnell's office and telling him how it's going to be, but I do see Newt doing that.
I'll ask you both. Noelle, you said you would pick Newt. Who will he pick?
Who will he pick, any predictions? What do you think?
Lisa, who do you think?
I hope he does pick Newt Gingrich. Newt, I think if he really wants to be that reform guy, that is the guy that will be able to help him win and help him govern. Guys, good to see you both. Thank you.
When we come back, we need your help, a very-important 'Question of the Day.' It's about whether or not we have equal justice under the law. That's straight ahead.
And time for our "Question of the Day." So in the wake of the FBI's recommendation not to charge Hillary Clinton, we want to know from you, do you believe that this system, so called system of justice, is rigged? I think it is. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
That's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. We'll see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2016 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 154  ***************************************************
 Tucker Carlson, Geraldo Rivera, Kimberly Guilfoyle are here tonight with reaction.
Plus RNC chairman Reince Priebus will weigh in on the possibility of a contested or brokered convention.
And senator Ted Cruz says it's time for his campaign to go head to head with Donald Trump.
Monica Crowley and Mercedes Schlapp will have reaction.
Then Trump releases a blistering new political attack on Hillary Clinton.
"Hannity" starts right here, right now.
And welcome to "Hannity." 2016 Republican front-runner Donald Trump had some big wins last night, and today, well, Trump had this to say about the possibility of contested convention. Watch this.
Here with reaction, FOX News senior correspondent Geraldo Rivera, FOX News contributor Tucker Carlson and the co-host of "The Five," Kimberly Guilfoyle.
All right, this is the most important topic right now in this election. K.G., I'll go to you. Let's say Trump or Cruz, top vote getter, to delegate count getter -- they go to the convention. Now, we all know mathematically, John Kasich -- I like John Kasich.
Mathematically, it's impossible for him to get to 1,237. So he stays in. He's going to try and pick off delegates here, there and everywhere, so to prevent either Trump or Cruz that do have a mathematical possibility, if we get to the convention and they try to take this from the top vote getter and delegate getter, those people aren't going to vote in the general election. What are they thinking here?
Yes. And you know what? Tucker, what would that do but disenfranchise all the people that showed up to caucuses, all the people that went out and pulled the lever for either Trump or Cruz? Assuming Donald Trump has a pretty big advantage now...
... and -- and again, the very reason that caused this insurgency year, Republicans being weak and feckless and their inability to fight Obama and broken promises on defunding ObamaCare and stopping executive action -- all of that will just reinforce why people voted that way -- this way this year!
You know, and I want to take it a step further, Geraldo. By the way, good to see you. You know, look at, for example, John Boehner. He's supporting Paul Ryan. Paul Ryan's not running for president. Paul Ryan doesn't want to be the president, he said.
And then he says about Ted Cruz, he's Lucifer and he's a jackass. Now, John Boehner contributed -- wouldn't use the constitutional authority of the press -- of -- of the purse, and he contributed to nearly $5 trillion in new debt because he didn't stand up, and he got fired as a result. So you have that, and then you have this GOP spokesman official saying, Oh, we choose the nominee, not the voters. Listen to this.
Oh, they get to choose? Then why are we all voting?
We're voting for representatives.
Yes, go ahead.
That was Tucker being Tucker.
I agree with you with you. At least Ted Cruz...
Exactly. At least Ted Cruz mathematically has a chance. It's harder for him. He probably needs about 70 percent of remaining delegates. He's in the race. I don't think anybody should demand that he get out of the race.
Shouldn't have even been in the race last night.
But it's even worse than that!
Tucker, it's worse than that! There's a meeting in Washington tomorrow!
I know people that are going to be there.
And you know what the purpose is, is to disenfranchise the voters in this election and try and sneak in a way that they can get somebody else besides, if it's Donald Trump, to get the nomination. Now, Trump, who's brought in new people to the party -- if you don't like him, fine. But didn't we have to suck it up with John McCain and Bob Dole? And weren't we conservatives lectured that we need to do it for the good of the party, even though they were horrible candidates?
You said "learn from them" last night.
That really stuck in my mind.
They're not doing it, though. They're doing just the opposite. You know, and Geraldo, I think it's even going further. Tucker's right. They're not learning the lesson of what the voters are saying this election year. But now they're going to create a circular firing squad that would -- or maybe even a third candidate that would ensure the presidency for Hillary Clinton. How stupid is that?
Geraldo, I would have voted against you.
We're going to have to see. By the way, speaking of disrupters, we are hearing and we'll talk about later that we're going to have a long, hot spring and summer because of the same people that showed up in Chicago last Friday.
Guys, good to see you. Thank you, as always, for being with us.
Coming up, "FOX & Friends" Heather Nauert breaks down what a contested convention could look like. Then reaction from Reince Priebus, and I'll explain to the RNC chairman and why I believe this would be a disaster.
Also, later tonight...
Texas senator Ted Cruz stating these obvious, this is now a two- man race.
Also tonight...
I think maybe the greatest ad ever. That was Donald Trump's new blistering attack against Hillary Clinton. We'll show you the full ad and more coming up tonight on "Hannity."
Welcome back to "Hannity." 2016 GOP front-runner Donald Trump had several big primary wins last night, but if he doesn't reach the 1,237 delegates needed to secure the Republican nomination, well, could we end up with a contested GOP convention?
Joining us now tonight at the "Hannity" big board to explain what that would mean is "FOX & Friends" own Heather Nauert. Everyone's talking about that.
All right, but in '76, Gerald Ford had the majority. He had more delegates.
So -- all right. Heather, is there a test at 10:30?
All right.
Thank you very much. All right.
And earlier today, I spoke with RNC chairman Reince Priebus.
Mr. Chairman, good to see you.
OK, this is really important because John Kasich mathematically has no chance, no chance to get to 1,237. You're the chairman of the party. Why then would he stay in? Because, you know, for Cruz supporters and Trump supporters, they're saying all he's doing is preventing anybody from getting to the magic number.
Do you think that's right? Do you think that's good for the party?
OK, I understand that. But...
If somebody falls short, though...
I'm sorry, Mr. Chairman.
If somebody falls short and they fall short because -- between now -- and when does it end, June 7th I think is the last primaries. Between now and then, let's say Kasich picks off 200 delegates, OK, and that prevents Trump or Cruz from getting it, they have a mathematical chance to get there, then at that point in time, then they have served the position of spoiler.
Now, I just am imagining -- Kasich says that would be educational. But if the establishment comes in and they try and say, Well, let's get a consensus candidate and were to take it away from either the delegate winner and the vote winner, Trump or Cruz, they're going to walk out! Those people are going to be so angry and so frustrated and feel so disenfranchised. Don't you think that creates nothing but a disaster?
I got to tell you it's getting a little scary to me because I think a lot of people would feel like -- let me give you an example. I want to play for you...
... this is a GOP official, this person from North Dakota. I'm sure you know him, Curly Haugland saying, Oh, wait a minute. We choose the nominee, not the voters. Why are we all voting then? Listen to this.
We choose the voters, not the people. Well, the people choose their representative to vote! So it seem that if that's the attitude, that seems like a pretty arrogant statement, and you know, when's the point of anybody voting then?
All right.
Mr. Chairman, I hope you're not in this position, but if there's an effort by the establishment to try and undermine and create a consensus candidate -- as John Boehner said, anybody can be nominated on the convention floor, and I want Paul Ryan to get it -- if that happens, I would argue that Cruz and Trump supporters will walk out and you won't see them again. And I hope that doesn't happen.
I'm just telling you...
If the number one one...
... and the number one...
If the number one vote getter doesn't get the nomination, they're going to walk out if there's shenanigans that go on. That's my admonition. And I'm not saying you're responsible...
I got it.
But if they're trying...
But if -- if you take it from somebody that has a huge lead, it will be ugly!
Coming up next tonight here on "Hannity"...
All right, Senator Cruz states the obvious, declares this is now a two-man race. So why is John Kasich still in? Mercedes Schlapp, Monica Crowley weigh in.
Then later tonight...
Donald Trump's new ad, which is hilarious, attacking Hillary Clinton.
And also, Shannon Bream and Peter Johnson, Jr., react to the president's Supreme Court nominee, who shouldn't be even talked about. I'll explain.
Plus, according to a new report, we could see a lot of political protests similar to what took place in Chicago last week. That disturbing report straight ahead.
All right, that was Texas senator Ted Cruz telling it like it is. This is now a two-man race between Donald Trump and Ted Cruz.
Here with analysis, FOX News contributors Mercedes Schlapp and Monica Crowley. Look, mathematically, he is 1,000 percent right, Monica!
So why is John Kasich in? Why is John Boehner saying, Oh, anybody can be nominated on the convention floor. I want Paul Ryan. And then he calls Ted Cruz Lucifer!
Too bad! Too bad! They lost!
You know, Mercedes, I mentioned earlier that there's going to be this big meeting in D.C. tomorrow on how to get an alternative. I think it's mostly against Donald Trump. But I agree with Monica that I think they're against Trump and Cruz.
Let me play for you Mark Halperin. He has the Showtime show called "The Circus." And listen to this, you know, K Street, you know, back room dealers talking about the problem of a Donald Trump candidacy.
Mercedes, isn't the very cause of the rise of Cruz and Trump the very thing that they continue to do? They won't look in the mirror. They won't admit they caused this. They take no blame on themselves for the position they're in. And all they're doing is trying to usurp the will of the people and disenfranchise the voters.
How's this all going to end up if they do it?
All right, so then The next question, Monica, is they're going to, you know, cut the nose to spite their face? Are the establishment going to turn on -- the winner?
Wait a minute...
They'll vote for Hillary Clinton...
You know, Mercedes, if they're going to be that self-destructive, if they're going to pout and they're going to pick up their little toys and they're going to go home like a bunch of babies, they will destroy -- there will be no Republican Party at the end of this because if they're successful, guess what? Cruz and Trump supporters are walking out, and I'm walking out with them!
That's fair. He has got a mathematical chance. It's not great, but he's got a shot.
He's right.
That's a great question.
Last word, Monica?
And bringing new people in the process, and the enthusiasm gap, David Plouffe pointed out last night that is huge.
Undermining both of them.
Sad. It's really pathetic.
Coming up. Now get this. Left wing agitators created plenty of chaos in Chicago last week, and according to a new report, it could be a long, hot spring and summer filled with more of these protests and potentially violence. We'll get to that.
And later tonight --
Donald Trump releases a hilarious video slamming Hillary Clinton. We'll play that and get reaction.
And then later, the president introduced his Supreme Court nominee earlier today, setting up a showdown with Republicans. We'll check in with Shannon Bream and Peter Johnson Jr. The question is, will they hold the line or are they going to cave like they usually do? Straight ahead.
Welcome back to HANNITY. So in a move reminiscent of Occupy Wall Street, a leftwing group is now threatening to target Washington, D.C., with, quote, "the largest civil disobedience actions in a generation." The group which calls itself "Democracy Spring" declared on its website, quote, "We will demand that Congress listen to the people and take immediate action to save our democracy, and we won't leave until they do or until they send thousands of us to jail." Well, could this mean that we are in for a long hot, spring and summer filled with unrest and protests like we saw in Chicago last weekend?
Here with reaction, conservative columnist A.J. Delgado, radio talk show host Larry Elder. Good to see you both. A.J., we all saw what happened in Chicago. Now we know who is involved -- MoveOn.org, Bernie Sanders supporters, all these left wing groups, which, by the way, have been legitimized like in the case of Black Lives Matter by being invited to the Obama White House. All of these groups organizing. Fundamentally I don't like the sounds of what they're predicting here. Thoughts?
You know, let me go to you, Larry. You know, you saw the video of this guy that jumps the barrier, you know, like we see right there on the screen. This guy jumps the barrier and he gets charged with a misdemeanor. You know, and he had put out a threat, sort of a threatening tweet that he later erased, and yet a misdemeanor? I couldn't imagine if somebody did this to Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders, do you think that's all they would be charged with?
If that happens, that only helps him in the end. I agree, assuming Trump gets the nomination.
But what do you make, A.J. --
-- all the establishment guys, everything we've been talking about tonight, that they want this to get to the convention so they can disenfranchise all the people that voted not the way they wanted. A.J.?
I think it's worse than havoc. I think they're going to say to all these people that voted, they'll all stay home. And I'll stay home with them. Larry?
I like him, too.
They would be doing this to Cruz, too. They actually are doing this to Cruz.
John Boehner calling Cruz Lucifer yesterday. I'm sick of all these people, because they caused it and now they're trying to undermine the voters.
All right, let me play -- I think this is probably one of the funniest campaign ads I have ever seen. This is Donald Trump's Instagram ad. Watch this.
We don't need to be a punch line. You know, isn't that the type of thing that has drawn attention to the insurgency, A.J. Delgado?
Last word, Larry, real quick?
All right, guys. Thank you.
When we come back, President Obama announced his Supreme Court nominee to replace Justice Scalia earlier today. Shannon Bream and Peter Johnson Jr. weigh in next. I hope it's not going to happen, straight ahead.
Welcome back to HANNITY. So earlier today President Obama announced his Supreme Court nominee to fill Justice Antonin Scalia's seat. Joining us from Washington with the very latest, our own Shannon Bream. Shannon?
All right, Shannon Bream, thank you. Joining us now, FOX News legal analyst, Peter Johnson, Jr. You know, it's what goes around, comes around.
Mitch McConnell citing the Biden rule, then senator Biden when he was on the Senate Judiciary Committee said "President Bush should consider the practice of the majority of his predecessors and not name a nominee until after the November election is completed. And if the president were to go ahead, a process already endowed, many of us should, all the Senate consideration, distrusted by the Senate, that they shouldn't go forward."
So why should the Republicans act any different than --
And Joe Biden further went on, "It's my view that if," President George Herbert Walker Bush, "goes the way of past presidents in an election year, makes an election year nomination," then he said "the Senate Judiciary Committee should consider not scheduling confirmation hearings on the nomination until after the political campaign season is over."
So I'm with Joe Biden.
And he's a left-winger.
He is.
I think we have some insight into Garland being a left wing jurist. He would overturn the Heller decision, the Second Amendment is in trouble. And this is a tipping point for the court.
So the question is, has Obama talked all consensus today, I'm thinking, wait a minute. Isn't the guy that said Justice Roberts is extremely qualified for the position and then went against them? And wasn't he one of the few senators to ever filibuster a Supreme Court choice in the case of Justice Alito?
So they're trying to gin up their base, and Republicans, if they hold the line, they might actually get some brownie points considering they have disappointed their base.
And on political grounds, all they need to do is cite Obama and Joe Biden and there is your precedent.
Thank you. Thank you, counselor.
Let's not go that far. All right, Peter Johnson Jr.
And coming up, we need your help. A very important "Question of the Day" is straight ahead.
Welcome back to HANNITY. Time for our "Question of the Day." If a GOP candidate fails to get the 1,237 delegates needed, should the GOP candidate with the most delegates and the most votes, should they get the nomination? The answer to the question is, I think, yes. I think you don't disenfranchise the votes of the people. And I think there are people in the establishment that want to do that and are plotting and planning and scheming to make that happen.
Just go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think. That is all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. We'll see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2016 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 155  ***************************************************
 Really governor? Nobody cares she stole an election? You know and I know that's a lie.
And by the way, the liberal mainstream media, oh, the same people that colluded with Hillary Clinton, the same people that are basically an extension of the Democratic National Committee and their talking points every day, that don't have an original thought in their head and they're bunch of sheep that apologized constantly for the Democrats, well now they're apoplectic. Watch this.
All right. Thankfully Brazile is not going to be pressured. She is signaling she is not going to be silenced by an avalanche of left wing attacks. Watch this.
Good for her.
Also tonight, a smoking gun bombshell report from The Hill's John Solomon. Now, an early draft of James Comey's now infamous announcement about the Clinton email investigation actually accused Hillary of being grossly negligent. OK. Understand. Those words are precise and specific. That exact standards which means she broke the law.
And John Solomon obtained a copy of a letter that Senator Chuck Grassley sent to the FBI which contains the key sentences found in the draft memo that says, quote, "There is evidence to support a conclusion that Secretary of State Clinton and others used the private email server in a manner that was grossly negligent with respect of the handling of classified information and material."
And another part of the memos says, quote, "Similarly the sheer volume of information that was properly classified as secret at the time it was discussed on email, (that is excluding the 'up' classified emails) supports the inference that the participants were grossly negligent in their handling of that information."
Now, those words are key. They were later then edited out and replaced with the term "extremely careless" -- at the time, I told you there is no difference -- even though he explained that Clinton had secrets, top secret, special access program, classified information on an email server stored in the basement of a mom and pop shop which by the way we now know five separate intelligence agencies, countries that don't like us, were able to hack into.
And a source also told John Solomon that three other people were involved in helping draft and then edit out of the legal realm, Comey's statement about Clinton. Now, they are deputy director Andrew McCabe. Now he's been under fire ever since the Wall Street Journal reported that a political action committee ran by yes, Virginia governor, "I don't care about the rule of law," Terry McAuliffe had deep ties to the Clintons. They donated half of million dollars to the State Senate campaign of McCabe's wife Jill and she also got another $200,000 from the Virginia Democratic Party, for a state race. This is unheard of.
And late last week, we learned from Judicial Watch that Andrew McCabe did not recuse himself from the Clinton server investigation until just days before the election.
There is also more tonight. The FBI general counsel James Baker, he was also involved. Investigative reporter Sara Carter reported back in July that Baker was being investigated for leaking classified information to the press. And the third person who helped Comey was his former chief of staff. Now, John Solomon's report also notes that it was not clear who recommended making the crucial change in wording but that the Senate will likely demand those answers. Good. It's about time.
We have been saying for over a year, Comey, the Obama Justice Department were protecting Hillary Clinton for laws she broke that we would be put in jail for. This revelation tonight offers up even more incontrovertible evidence. Comey's original news conference never made any sense because he literally explained how Clinton broke the law for 13 and a half minutes but then he stopped short of recommending charges by claiming she was extremely careless instead of grossly negligent. A huge legal distinction.
Take a look at the side of your screen. It's a list that our friend and colleague, Fox News legal analyst Greg Jarrett, put together for us tonight showing the laws that Clinton violated with the private email server. We'd go to jail for this. Comey top FBI officials knew Clinton engaged in criminal conduct. Otherwise they wouldn't have accused her of gross negligence.
But then something happened. The million dollar question is what? And remember one other thing. Remember, Comey made his decision well before he ever talked to the main people involved. He had concluded before he investigated what the outcome would be. Remember he refused to testify under oath -- did testify that former Attorney General Loretta Lynch, remember she pressured Comey to call the investigation which was an investigation a "matter," and then he complied.
And we also know that Comey decided to not recommend charges against Clinton months before interviewing the key witnesses in the case including Hillary Clinton. You can't decide before doing the investigation. That is why in addition to Congress, the Department of Justice needs to open an investigation into how the FBI and the Obama administration handled the Clinton case where obvious law breaking took place. We cannot in this country have a two-tier justice system. That's not how this country works or is supposed to work.
Also tonight, a source is telling Fox News, our own Catherine Herridge, that the House Intelligence Committee are now asking that Fusion GPS, that is the company behind the fake phony anti-Trump Russian dossier, to turn over records that allegedly show payments to journalists, two published stories. Wow! You talked about -- first Russia propaganda. Hillary, the DNC that she ran, she paid for it all. And then of course, the group that used it, now they say, hey let's pay the journalists.
Now keep in mind, the same company that they used to funnel $10 million or more through a third party lawyer to create the dossier that used Russian sources to smear the president and try and influence the American people with phony Russian information to steal an election.
And on the issue of so-called Trump-Russia collusion, tonight, yet another prominent Democrat forced to admit a year later, she has seen nothing to indicate there was any collusion between Donald Trump and the Russians.
Here's Democrat, Senator, liberal, leftist Diane Feinstein.
If the Democrats and the left wing media in this country cared even a little bit about the truth, then they would stop spreading lies about President Trump. And now, they should focus on real Russian collusion, real crime, real evidence, real impropriety.
And finally tonight, our hearts and prayers go out to the people in Sutherland Springs, Texas, their unimaginable pain and suffering after a madman attacked a church yesterday killing 26 people including young children, injuring 20 others. This is beyond tragic.
Yet, the Democrats, sadly, members of the mainstream media, what, within hours, they're racing to politicize this tragedy, call for more gun control. Now think about this for a second. People are still in the hospital. Others have not been laid to rest. All they care about is politics. And what's ironic is, these are the same people who are exploiting this tragedy -- they never talk about Chicago. I have some information about Chicago from this weekend. I've been saying it for years. We scrolled the names of the thousands killed because the media ignored it. And even then, President Obama ignored it. Eighteen thousand shootings in Chicago in his last six years. Really? Three thousand dead? Now, 30 people were shot this weekend. It's been almost 600 homicides this year in Chicago.
We'll talk about all of this later in the program. Here first with reaction, our breaking news, from The Hill, we have John Solomon, investigative reporter Sarah Carter, FOX News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett is with us. John, let's start with your story. We have so much ground to cover.
This is massive. This distinction is massive. Give us what you got.
All right. Let me go to Greg Jarrett, legal analyst. Okay. When Comey deletes the specific legal term gross negligence and he decides, before he does the investigation concludes he is going to exonerate her.
This is being done before you have our interviews, her or the other witnesses.
Well, that is called, the fix is in.
Scary. No, when the fix is in, it's corruption. When you have a conclusion before an investigation, the fix was in. Let me go through this a little bit with Sara Carter. So, she steals, she rigs the primary election. And Democrats are trying to tell us, oh, that's not a big deal. And then she tried to fix the general election by paying for Russian bought and paid propaganda. Lying about Donald Trump. And then we have, it gets even bigger than that. And then we've got, you know, the fix with Comey as we were just talking about. And the fix with Loretta Lynch on the tarmac. Is there anything the Clintons don't fix or try to fix?
All right. John, let's go back to your reporting.
Let's go back to what you have. You actually updated your column from earlier today. Why don't we give everybody the latest news?
Gross negligence.
What about the whole e-mail issue that we are now understanding more?
I mean, if I deleted 33,000 emails.
If I destroyed my hard drives, if I busted up my Blackberries, would I be calling you from jail?
Last question. I've got to update the audience, Sara on Uranium One. Now, every day, every week this keeps growing as well. The fact that Comey -- I'm sorry, that Mueller and Eric Holder knew about bribery, extortions, kickbacks, money laundering, racketeering in ‘09. How did they get to investigate anything Russia? Shouldn't he be investigated? Shouldn't everyone involved in that deal be investigated?
That's huge.
All right. You guys have done amazing work. We are like unpeeling the layers of an onion. And here is what I can tell everybody in the media that is so lame. Tick-tock. There is so much more coming. There is a hint. A lot more information on this unfolding scandals, but right now, I got a question for you, does James Comey owe the American people an explanation? Absolutely. Tweet me @SeanHannity on Twitter.
All right. Welcome back to "Hannity." Busy breaking news new night. Joining us with more reaction to this bombshell claim that Hillary Clinton stole the DNC primary. Just stop. Take that in.
Stole it. A rigged primary in the United States of America. Most of the media ignores it. The former national justice director for Bernie Sanders Tezlyn Figaro and former Clinton pollster, Fox News contributor Doug Schoen.
Tezlyn, when I think of you and I remember you have been on the show before. Maybe we have some disagreements on some issues. I could never support Bernie Sanders. Obviously, my political views are different. But if you and you donate and you work and you go to the polls and you wait in the primary, and it turns out it was for nothing, and every major Democratic is just saying trying, oh, it's nothing.
That's an insult to every single person. That's a rigged election. That is them doing the things, you know, we literally have rendered the votes of people meaningless in America! Disenfranchised all of these people. Nothing. Your reaction?
That was fixed too.
Doug, you are an honest guy.
Listen, you hear me. I am more critical of Republicans, they are weak and timid and they've lost their identity and vision. Their inability to keep promises. I am more critical of them. And you are more critical, what do you make of every Democrat that has gone out there, oh no big deal? Oh, so what, we disenfranchised Bernie people? Really?
You heard that, you heard Terry McAuliffe?
I know more than I can say tonight.
There is a lot more coming. Tezlyn, we'll give you the last word.
Trump is right. It is a swamp. It's a Republican and Democratic swamp.
All right. Thank you. More to come on the bombshell report that James Comey, he drafted that memo that accuse Hillary of gross negligence. The legal standard and the email server scandal, why did he change it? Sebastian Gorka, Victoria Toensing here tonight to react and so much more, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." This program I have tonight, we call for equal justice under the law. Whether it's the Russian investigation, any criminal manner, no person, no matter how privilege rich, entitled, connected should receive any special treatment from our government. Sadly that is not the case with the Clintons. You might remember when James Comey admitted under oath that Attorney General Loretta Lynch ask him to call this an investigation in the Clinton emails server scandal. Under investigation, don't call it an investigation, call it a matter. And he listened to her. Watch this.
Just following the Clinton talking points. Of course you are the FBI director on the Attorney General. The fix is in. Here now is the author of Defeating Jihad former deputy assistant to president, Sebastian Gorka, and the attorney, the person representing that FBI informant in the uranium one scandal Victoria Toensing is back with us. He not only followed Loretta Lynch's advice, Sebastian, he also then went forward with the matter and the fix was in. He purpose gross negligence. That is a legal term. It was not at least two documents. They edited it out to get the legal standard gone so they could exonerate her before they did the investigation. I have never heard of such insider back-room dealing in my life. You would be in jail. Victoria would be -- well, she would never be in jail, because she has Joe, and I would be in jail. Your thoughts?
Victoria, if the fix is in and he is riding the exoneration before he thought of his investigation, if he takes the cue, she of course and Bill Clinton on the Tarmac and then he changes the standard from gross negligence, how could any better than conclude anything other than the fix was in? Just like she rigged the general election and rigged the primary, she tried to do with the fake Russian lie propaganda dossier. A lot of fixing going on here.
Let me get an update on uranium one. The FBI informant. The uranium one sold out our security. We import uranium. Why we would we ever give 20 percent to Russia. When they knew in 2009, Mueller knew and Eric Holder had to know. They are the FBI, FBI Director and the head of Justice Department. Bribery kickback, extortion, money laundering and racketeering. How could have they have not topped that?
Obama?
In other words, who the president is briefing. What will your client, this informant who has documents, emails, tape recording and infiltrated for all that period of time, what will he tell us? What will the country learn?
Will it be historic?
Okay. That is why you are a good lawyer. Dr. Gorka I am going to ask you this, Donna Brazile saying the primary was fixed. Hillary Clinton owned the DNC, so she is the DNC to funnel money to a lawyer to pay for the phony Russian information and campaign to pay the lawyer to funnel this phony Russian information to rig and fix the general election. What is the meaning of all of this?
I can tell you. Real quick Victoria.
I have known her for years. She is very tough.
There is more than I can tell tonight that I know. Tick-tock. Stay tuned. We a have a lot more coming. Thank you both for being with us. When we comeback, politicizing this tragedy in Texas over the weekend. Using what happens in this church shooting to push gun control. David Clarke, Daryl Parks, powerful debate straight ahead.
That was one of two Texans who chased this church gunman Devin Kelley. Describing the pursuit which eventually led to Kelley taking his own life. Tonight the country mourns for Texas, all of them. Their families who lost loved ones and those that were killed, in a church. While much of the country grieves for the victims, once again, the left races, rushes to politicize the tragedy to make it about gun control. Last week, remember the terror attack in New York? That was not a gun. Take a look.
Here with a reaction is America first action spokesman senior adviser, a friend, a former Milwaukee county sheriff David Clarkson and civil rights attorney Daryl Parks. What is the rush to politicize? You know at the end of the day, the fact that a neighbor got his gun, so many instance s were people get guns, used guns to protect innocent people. Here is my question to you, if god forbid and we have known for each other for a long time. If god forbid you are in a situation where shooting is occurring. I am licensed to carry in New York, Rhode island and California, Alabama and Georgia. I have been trained since I was 11 in the safe use of firearms. And something happens, do you want me in the room next to you?
We have learned tonight, I think it was an oversight. Probably innocent, but the military forgot to put his name in the data base. That was a misstep, we can't have missteps, and we got to get on our game.
You want me in the room? If god forbid, hell breaks you are trained, I am actually, some people call my radio show what kind of gun should I get? What do you want to get trained in the safety and use of? You carry a gun?
I don't like agreeing with this. Sheriff Clark, help me out here. Darryl is making sense tonight. But the bottom line is we would end school shootings if we had retired military or retired policemen in the schools for a first line of defense. The same thing in churches. I know that churches in this day and age have multiple armed guards to protect those people that attend these services. And they should.
Darryl, you are politically a Democrat. Why is your side not understanding what you seem to understand?
My parents had law enforcement connection. I have a finger print safe all over my house and you can't open my safe. I am a big believer in safety. If someone comes into my house, I will protect my family.
You say that. The left really wants is disarming law-abiding citizens, evil starts in the human heart. If you can't get a gun, you are going to use knives or a car or a truck or a bomb. Isn't that a fact? Evil is evil.
And also the military. In the reports are true tonight and the military didn't pass this information on, that is a flaw in the system. In that sense, if that is a mistake, we can't have these flaws, because crazy people will do crazy things.
Tell your Party. That is you party that politicize this.
What happen, and you go to church. Now we have to have armed guards in church and schools on every block on every corner. Evil spreading. All right thank you all for being I think us. I appreciate it. When we come back, an announcement more "Hannity" right after this.
All right some good news. I want to thank all of you and I mean thank you from the bottom of my heart. "Let There Be Light." It's been a massive success. Beyond our wildest dreams. The first 2 weeks the film has doubled in theatre exposure. Grossed over $4 million. For a faith based film that is big. We have no help, zero from any Hollywood studio. It was an independent film, we have been fighting every step of the way. It has been on the top 10 both weeks in movie ticket sales.
And get this, it is now the 44th highest gross Christian movie in history in only two weeks. "Passion of the Christ" obviously a number one. We didn't have that budget. I want to thank you for taking the time out of your busy schedule. Your testament and writings to me are beyond touching. If you like it, tell your friend.
Unfortunately that is all the time we have left. We will never be the left mainstream liberal destroy Trump media. Laura Ingraham is next.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 156  ***************************************************
 "If we don't have the wall, we're doing nothing." And then he said that we're not talking about amnesty.
Now, later in the day, President Trump doubled down when he got back to the White House. Let's look at this.
Now, since last night -- I always suspected, I know the president and I know him pretty well. I've interviewed him many, many times. And I assumed he was negotiating last night, and he needs to continue to set the record straight? Why? Because Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi's statement -- it's beyond disturbing.
They are essentially claiming this, that the Democrats, they get everything they want, they get DACA, and the president doesn't get his wall.
Here's the one thing that everyone needs to understand about Schumer and Pelosi. They don't like this president. They can't stand him. They want the president to fail, and they certainly don't have his best interests in heart or in mind. And Schumer and Pelosi, they only care about scoring cheap political points. Why? Because they want to gain seats in 2018.
Now, remember, since 2009, Democrats have been getting destroyed at the ballot box, losing the presidency, 13 Senate seats, 64 House seats, 13 governorships and 33 statehouses! And as soon as it doesn't serve them politically, I can promise you, Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, they're going to turn around and stab the president in the back. That's a fact.
Also in fact, it wasn't that long ago when Schumer and Pelosi were just trashing the president. Let's remind everybody.
Now, the president, as he reiterated many times today -- he is insisting this border wall be built, which he absolutely should be doing, because it was a massive campaign promise he made. He needs to keep his promises. I would argue, otherwise, there will be severe political consequences for him and the entire Republican Party.
Now, if the president doesn't get funding and get it up front first, I'd argue he's never going to get it. Let me be clear. If the wall's not constructed, the president risks losing his entire base. And it's not a matter of if, the base will leave. That's plain and simple.
And that, by the way, is what Democrats want. They want President Trump to be isolated. Why? So they can bludgeon him more politically. Now, President Trump needs to keep pushing for that border wall and the funding, and he promised you, the American people, over and over again that he would get that built. For example, remember this?
All right, here's where we are. The president must insist on the complete border wall funding now, or guess what? I'd argue it's never coming. Now, no one believes that the wall will be built later if, in fact, they get their DACA deal now up front.
It's the same old Washington, D.C., sewer swamp game. Democrats love to play this. They always promise spending cuts in exchange for tax increases. But guess what? You never get the spending cuts and you always get the tax increase. And the same goes for immigration. We always get the amnesty, the concession. We never get the reform. You never get the border security that's promised.
The Democrats, they want DACA and then amnesty for all illegal immigrants. They don't care about the wall. They never have, never will. They don't want to build the wall. So the president needs to act with great, great caution here because the Democrats have burned Republicans over the decades way too many times with these so-called bipartisan deals.
Now, also, if the wall doesn't end up being built, President Trump, he will be put in great political danger. Let me give you a quick political history lesson to illustrate this point.
You may remember back in 1988, when then-candidate George H. W. Bush made this promise during the Republican national convention.
A very bold promise, and voters, they took George Herbert Walker Bush at his word, propelling him to a landslide victory over Michael Dukakis. Then once he got into office, it was a different story for President Bush. And in 1991, he signed a bill that massively raised taxes on millions of Americans. And guess what happened? Well, he lost in 1992 to Bill Clinton. He didn't get a second term.
And I have been warning about the five big forces that are working around the clock to destroy and damage and delegitimize President Trump, and they've been doing from the minute he took office.
For example, the deep state -- they've been leaking information that is meant damage the president, and pretty much, we have a leak a day. Now, no president can work under those conditions. That's extraordinarily difficult, especially when they're leaking conversations with prime ministers and presidents.
Then you have the destroy Trump media. They've been spewing fake news and creating black helicopter tinfoil hat conspiracy theories. They've been lying about him for months. No evidence. And by the way, they're trying to hurt the president every day.
And we have Democrats like Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi. Now, this bipartisan outreach to me is a charade. Why? Because for months, all the Democrats have been doing is resist, obstruct, lie. They've even called him a racist repeatedly, and some have even called for President Trump' impeachment.
Guess what? They want him to fail. And you know what? Then you have the never-Trumpers, the establishment Republicans. They have failed miserably every step of the way so far during the Trump presidency. And you know what? Sadly, they can't be counted on at this point. They couldn't even get enough votes to repeal and replace ObamaCare, a promise they have been making for seven-and-a-half years. And the never-Trumpers, oh, they just want the president to fail. They always have. They always will. And they hope the president fails so miserably so they can point their fingers in everybody's face and say, "We were right."
The president needs to avoid these Democrats and their pleas to tax, tax, tax. Tax the rich. Redistribute wealth. And again, he needs to remember the bold Reagan-like tax cuts and the reform he promised all of us. Take a look.
Now, the president needs to follow the plan that he's already put forward. It reminds me a lot of Reagan. You got across-the-board tax cuts, you got brackets seven to three, 15 percent corporate tax rate. That makes American businesses so much more competitive than they are now. Allow the multi-national corporations, repatriate the trillions of dollars they have parked overseas. Let them bring it back at a lower rate. They can invest in an American workers, build factories, manufacturing centers for Americans that desperately need those jobs!
That was the president earlier today promising the border wall will, in fact, be built. And as I said in my "Opening Monologue," President Trump -- he needs to keep his promise. I believe he would run the risk of losing the support of all those people that went out and voted last November.
Here with reaction, Fox Business Network's own Lou Dobbs. Sir, how are you?
All right, so the president said multiple times today -- he was very clear -- if we don't have the wall, we're doing nothing. He had the Pelosi- Schumer announcement last night. He obviously contradicted that. At different times, though, he sounded open to, We can fund it later. That's where I start -- where sirens blaring in my head because that's like getting a tax increase, never getting the spending cut. It's like getting the concessions on people here illegally and never getting the wall, which we've never gotten.
Agreed. Does it bother you if the president did make a deal, if he got the funding up front, because I think he's sincere. I mean, he said it...
... in every stop. He said it -- he said it today. He said it since he's been elected president and since he's been president. But I'll tell you the people I don't trust. I don't trust the Republicans, and I think they literally pushed him into the arms of Schumer and Pelosi because they're so weak and they failed.
And secondly, I...
All right, so here's...
... how it works. We agree. But here's (INAUDIBLE) I bet Donald Trump in the course of his business life, like probably we've done in our lives -- you shake somebody's hand, you got a deal and you know they're going to fulfill it. Schumer's not like that.
And neither is Pelosi. They've been calling him a racist and everything in between just three weeks ago.
I don't trust them. They're not his friend. So he's got to get it in writing up front, or no deal on anything.
If he, in fact, gets that wall...
I don't, either, actually!
It doesn't mean anything!
How about we make them write it in blood, Lou?
I know!
But if it's appropriated, he would do it. I have faith he would keep that promise.
Meaning the president.
(INAUDIBLE) disagree.
Listen...
Coequal branches...
The power of the purse is theirs. I would say to him no deal unless he gets the money and gets it appropriated and he can then begin the building.
All right. When we come back, Laura Ingraham will join us. And then later, if President Trump doesn't keep his promise, what would happen? Anyway, Herman Cain, Geraldo Rivera, Sheriff David Clarke all weigh in straight ahead.
All right, that was the president earlier today talking about his tax plan while he was visiting, Florida. Joining us now with reaction, editor in chief of Lifezette, Fox News contributor, and nationally syndicated radio host Laura Ingraham. I'm a big supporter of the president's economic plan. I like the idea of middle class cuts, I like the corporate 15 percent rate, the repatriation, I think he's right. Corporations, multinational will build factories, manufacturing centers, that's going to help people that desperately need jobs that are in poverty out of food stamps. He did say about the wealthy they'll be the same or it might be a little higher. Reagan went from 70 to 28 percent. Is that an important component, or does it not matter in terms of the economic growth that we want to see that will create the millions of jobs?
I love every part of the plan. I also think energy to so many, there's millions of high-paying career jobs for a lot of people and that's going to be fundamental for a lot of people. But Reagan, when he cut the top margin rate from 70 to 28 percent, the predictions were voodoo economics. But 20 million new jobs were created, longest period of peacetime economic growth in history, and revenues doubled to the federal government. Look, if he does everything else I think that covers the economy.
What do you think about the battle that's been going back and forth Schumer, Pelosi and the president saying if we don't get the wall, we don't get any deal on anything? What is your general thought on what's been happening all day?
Do you agree with me that if he makes his concessions and he doesn't get the funding for the wall up front friend he is never getting it? I'd don't think he'll ever get.
All right, Laura, good comments, observations, insights. Appreciate it. When we come back, Herman Cain, Geraldo Rivera, and former Sheriff David Clarke, they will weigh in on the president and Pelosi and Schumer and much more as we continue.
President Trump last month in Arizona emphasizing the importance of a wall on a southern border. Meanwhile Democrats in Congress, they have been actively working, as always, to derail the president's plans. Here now, Fox News contributor Herman Cain, Fox News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera, and America First Action spokesman, and that is senior adviser, also David Clarke is with us. I'm so used to saying sheriff, sheriff, so sorry about that.
Geraldo, I've got to start with you on this. I know you're happy, and I know that nobody was ever talking about rounding up 800,000, they're not kids anymore, they're adults, and throwing them off to the country. And the president wants to do things constitutionally, which is the right thing to do, unlike Obama. If he doesn't get funding for the wall, one of the key promises he made in this campaign, I would argue politically I don't know how he comes back from it, but I'm certain he's a great businessman, he will get that.
I argue he did.
Let's go to Herman Cain. Herman, I argue that he did all of what Geraldo is saying. Do you agree with me, no funding up front or no deal?
That's what Laura said. I think you're right.
Let me go to Sheriff Clarke. I've still got to call you sheriff, sheriff. And congratulations on your new position. But this is important. I mentioned this earlier and I'll mention it again. You always get the tax increase, you never get the spending cut. You always get the concession on whatever it is, in this case it would be, OK, DACA, but you're never going to get the wall. This wall is so paramount I think to one of the reasons people are so enthusiastic about electing him because he's a guy that says what he means and means what he says. And I hope that Herman is right that he knows he can't trust those people. They're not trustworthy.
Absolutely. Stay right there. We will let you guys debate this when we get back. We'll have more with our panel as we continue this busy breaking news night tonight right here on "Hannity."
Welcome back to "Hannity" as conversation now with Herman Cain, Geraldo Rivera, and David Clarke. Geraldo, I have heard you, you have now, I brought you to my site. You support the wall. You agree it's necessary. I've been down to the border 14 times. I've seen the drugs, the tunnels, I've seen the arrest, I've seen the gang members arrested. So you know how dangerous it is.
And building a wall is a promise. Isn't it the right thing, though, Geraldo, to keep your promises, keep your word?
Herman?
Sheriff?
Thank you, guys. When we come back, we'll have our final word and wrap things up tonight on "Hannity."
Welcome back to "Hannity." Unfortunately that's all the time we have left this evening. We do thank you always for being with us. We appreciate it. We hope you'll set your DVR, never miss an episode. As always, we will remain fair and balanced, unlike the establishment, destroy-Trump media. And we will see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 157  ***************************************************
 That's the FBI director admitting that Clinton lied pretty much every step of the way, but somehow, without interviewing Clinton or other key witnesses, he was able to conclude that Clinton didn't break the law. Now, it doesn't make any sense, and it reeks of corruption and collusion.
This also proves that President Trump was absolutely right to fire James Comey as the FBI director. This guy is clearly immoral, he doesn't care about the rule of law and he only acted in his own self best interests, and of course, with an agenda.
Now, this exoneration letter is just the beginning of what are very highly questionable, unethical and potentially criminal behavior from the former FBI Director James Comey. For starters, it looks like Comey perjured himself in front of Congress by saying that he made his decision about Clinton after talking to her. Sorry, timeline doesn't fit. Take a look at this.
So now it looks like James Comey lied to Congress, but his behavior is not surprising given everything else that we have learned about the former FBI director. It appears he's a rogue agent. He doesn't care about enforcing the law. Otherwise, this never would have happened. And remember, Comey may have broken the law by drafting memos on the government computer after he met with Donald Trump? And then removing those documents from the FBI? And then of course, he also admitted before Congress that he had his best friend leak the contents of the memos to The New York Times in the hopes that it would bring about a special counsel, which in fact, it did!
And we can't forget about Comey testifying that former Obama Attorney General Loretta Lynch had pressured him into calling the Clinton investigation a "matter" in public, and he ended up listening and doing that.
So the former FBI director is also a massive hypocrite. He claims to have detailed notes and memos about private conversations that he had with President Trump, but he didn't write a single word down about his conversations with Loretta Lynch.
Here's what's important. If this country still cares about respecting the Constitution, the rule of law, equal application of the law, then it's time to reopen the Clinton server case and investigate everything that Comey prematurely exonerated Hillary Clinton for. And Comey himself -- he needs to be held accountable for these actions, but they are inexcusable and that's a very important aspect to a constitutional republic.
Now, also tonight, President Trump is overturning one of President Obama's massive abuses of power. Here's what the president said earlier today. Let's take a look.
Now, the left, the destroy Trump establishment media predictably -- they're in freak-out mode about the president's decision. But then again, they freaked out over Melania's shoes.
But this is because they obviously don't care about the Constitution, the rule of law. What they won't tell you is that DACA was, in fact, unconstitutional, that the president is right to let Congress decide on the issue of immigration laws in this country. That's how a system of checks and balances is supposed to work. The executive branch can't usurp power from the legislative branch.
And you may remember how President Obama himself admitted this many, many times before ever signing this executive order on DACA. He admitted it was unconstitutional for him to change immigration laws all on his own. So let's listen to the constitutional scholar, former president Obama.
Not how our Constitution is written, not how democracy works. Now, after saying even all of that, Obama did it anyway, which is why President Trump is 1,000 percent right, did the right thing this morning. He isn't going to trample over the rule of law and the Constitution.
Well, now the ball is rightly in Congress's court. They want to change the law, they can go right ahead and they'll be held accountable. That's their job.
So now it's put up or shut up time. And that means Mitch McConnell, all his friends in the Senate, all the people in the House, because this is exactly what they wanted!
Watch this.
All right, now, in addition to acting on DACA and immigration -- and by the way, funding the wall -- Congress has a litany of other problems to tackle, like keeping the government funded beyond the 30th of September, raising the debt ceiling, approving Hurricane Harvey aid, repealing and replacing ObamaCare before the budget reconciliation option runs out at the end of the month, funding President Trump's border wall -- very important -- moving ahead on tax reform and tax cuts -- that's important.
So for all you members in Congress, you better get your act together. You have 14 weeks to actually start passing the things that you promised and the president's agenda, the things the American people voted for. Fourteen weeks to keep your promises, do your job.
By the way, Mitch McConnell, Mr. 18 percent approval rating in your state, are you watching? Better take down notes, pay attention because the American people are watching.
These are simple things. All right, let's take the tax code from seven brackets to three. Let's cut middle class taxes. Let's slash the corporate tax rate to 15 percent so that they'll build factories and manufacturing centers in this country.
Allow multi-national corporations and companies to repatriate trillions parked overseas so they can hire the new workers and invest right here in the United States. And also building at least, I would argue, 300 miles of the wall and fund the entire wall, and you better do it before the 2018 midterm elections or the American people might just say good-bye to you.
Energy independence, so important, the lifeblood of our economy. And yes, start working on a repeal and replacement of ObamaCare because so many Americans are suffering.
So in other words, it's time for Congress to come together and get your job done for once with a sense of urgency.
And finally tonight, we have a very scary situation out of North Korea that puts the entire world in jeopardy tonight. Over the weekend, the rogue regime conducted yet its sixth nuclear test of a hydrogen bomb that they claim can fit on the end of a long-range missile that we've been seeing they've been test firing.
Now, Pyongyang is also once again threatening America by saying they will send, quote, "gift packages" to the U.S. And according to South Korea's military, Kim Jong Un, he appears to be preparing for another ICBM test. Now, this comes after the rogue regime flew a missile right over Japan just last week.
Now, meanwhile, the president, his administration, General Mattis, they continue to turn up the heat on North Korea, and the president announcing earlier today that Japan and South Korea will be able to buy a, quote, "substantially increased" amount of sophisticated U.S. military equipment.
And the president also tweeted, quote, "The United States is considering, in addition to other options, stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea."
And last week, prior to the hydrogen bomb test, the U.S. and South Korea carried out a massive show of force by conducting a simulated live firebombing raid.
Now, unfortunately, there are no good solutions, as I've been saying, to dealing with North Korea and this threat. If the United States and our allies carry out a preemptive strike knocking out Kim Jong Un's nuclear sites, well, we don't know what that will lead to -- a potential all-out war in the Korean peninsula, literally putting millions of lives at risk.
So what's clear is we cannot repeat the mistakes of the past, like this policy of appeasement that was carried out under Bill Clinton. Remember? It was Bill Clinton. It was back in the 1990s. I'll quote The New York Times to make all liberals happy. He cut a deal with Kim Jong Un's father, Kim Jong Il, where the U.S. agreed to give North Korea billions of dollars in energy aid over the course of a decade, all in exchange for Pyongyang promising they're going to be good little government officials and despots and they'll end their nuclear program.
Now, according to the framework of that agreement, North Korea would allow inspectors to their nuclear sites, but it came with a very big catch. They would also be allowed to keep their nuclear fuel rods which could be used, obviously, to make weapons for an unspecified number of years.
Now, of course Bill Clinton, he brushed all those fears aside, tried to bribe them into being nice and even praised this ridiculous deal that has brought us where we are today, to the brink. Watch this.
All right, so as we all later found out, Bill Clinton, he got played. He turned out to be completely wrong and now the world is in great jeopardy. And by 1998, North Korea, they test fired a long-range missile. In 2006, the rogue regime conducted their first nuclear test. And then under the Obama administration, the North Korean threat accelerated while the former president drastically cut our strategic defense capabilities.
This has now left President Trump facing a giant crisis with no good answers because as we learned from Neville Chamberlain, the policies of appeasement and capitulation -- it never works when you're dealing with despots and dictators.
Now, President Clinton and Obama, they just kicked the can down the road, leaving it for someone else to deal with. And now here we are. We just can't, you know, wait for North Korea to fully develop a nuclear arsenal that can hit major American cities.
So we now must accelerate President Trump's plan and seriously bolster the THAAD and other anti-missile defense systems. We also need to fast-track the technology from President Reagan's Strategic Defense Initiative, so that unlike conventional missile defense systems, we have 30, 40 shots to shoot down any ICBM that North Korea is ending up firing. In other words, we need a lot of options and a lot of opportunities or else millions could die.
In my opinion, the U.S. needs to take out any North Korean missile that is launched. Or if they put it on a pad and we don't know what's on that missile, well, we need to take that out, as well.
This is beyond serious. We need to let Kim Jong Un know that those types of aggressive actions will never be tolerated.
And coming up tonight, Newt Gingrich will join us next to react to our opening monologue. And also tonight, coming up later, retired assistant FBI director for the New York field office James Kallstrom has some strong words to James Comey. Jay Sekulow will weigh in. And later, my one-on-one debate, a "Hannity" shoot-out with Jorge Ramos.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Joining us now to react to my monologue tonight, former speaker of the House, author of now 12 weeks in a row New York Times best-selling book, including (ph) number one, "Understanding Trump," former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich, also a FOX News contributor.
Let me start -- we have a lot of issues to tonight. Let me start with the revelation about James Comey. The fix was in. He knew. He had no intention of talking to the witnesses, getting the facts and then coming to a conclusion. And it's, like, OK, admitting that we have a two-tiered justice system. How do we handle that?
Mr. Speaker, though...
Yes, I don't mean to interrupt you, but I read McCarthy's column. And like you, I have a lot of respect for Andy. I really do. And I saw the quotes. Obama let her off the hook by saying it didn't impact national security.
Well, wait a minute. Didn't the FBI director go through this painstaking process of reminding us that he had to remind President Trump that the Department of Justice and FBI were separate and apart from the administration? Why wouldn't that apply here?
Republicans, as I see it, have September, October, November, and two weeks of December to get an awful lot done. I've laid out what I think should be accomplished. Your thoughts.
All right, we now have a situation with North Korea. They're firing missiles over islands that obviously are owned by the Japanese. We have shown them that we can take these missiles out of the sky. They seem -- now they've got their first nuclear test, or the second, but it's been a long time since they tested one.
What should we do next? I think the only solution is to start firing their missiles out of the sky or off the launch pad.
I think that's well said. But as we said, at that point, there's no good solutions.
Let me go to DACA again. This from the beginning, even President Obama admitted it was unconstitutional. He then usurped the authority and power of Congress. The president has now given Congress eight months to deal with that issue. Now they have an additional six months. Is this an issue where, constitutionally, when we talk about coequal branches of government and enumerated powers -- isn't this something that must be done if we want the rule of law to work in this country?
Mr. Speaker, thank you. Appreciate it, as always.
When we come back, James Comey has a lot of explaining to do after it was revealed he actually drafted a statement exonerating Hillary Clinton long before the bureau's investigation was even over! Did he break the law? Retired assistant FBI director for the New York field offices James Kallstrom, Jay Sekulow join us next. Later, I'll go one-on-one with Jorge Ramos in our one-on-one "Hannity" debate segment. That's straight ahead tonight.
That was then FBI director James Comey, that was back in 2016 announcing that the Bureau would not recommend charges for Hillary Clinton, a decision that is now under new scrutiny tonight after two U.S. senators have revealed that Comey drafted a statement clearing Clinton well before the investigation was over.
Joining us now on the phone, retired assistant FBI director for the New York field office James Kallstrom, and the chief counsel for the American Center for Law and Justice and President Trump's attorney Jay Sekulow. Mr. Kallstrom, let me start with you. If you haven't concluded the investigation, how is it possible, you haven't even interviewed the person involved, how do you start drafting what Comey was drafting, which is her exoneration?
Jay Sekulow, let me ask from your standpoint because I think this is so important, especially in light of the special counsel, which was James Comey's goal after he leaked information to "The New York Times" which in itself may have been illegal in terms of the Records Act and other issues he is involved in. But 33,000 deleted subpoenaed emails, acid washed, BleachBit, destruction of information on BlackBerries and iPhones. Why do I think that I would be calling you if I did any one of these things because I'd be in jail for obstructing justice and violating the law?
Does this now, Jay, open up the possibility that the attorney general should now get to the truth considering I think this reveals more than anything else that the fix was in for Hillary and James Comey was fine with it?
James Kallstrom, James --
Last quick question. I've interviewed Julian Assange. He said that it was not Russia. I've interviewed him five times. Now Dana Rohrabacher believes him. Does Robert Mueller, James Kallstrom, in your opinion have an obligation to talk to the one guy on this earth that would know for sure if the DNC emails didn't come from Russia?
I think so, too. Jay --
Thank you all. Important things. We will stay on it. Nobody else in the media apparently will touch it.
When we come back, more reaction to President Trump's plan to end DACA, give Congress a shot. My one-on-one debate, Jorge Ramos and I debate, shootout, "Hannity," next.
That was President Trump earlier today talking about his plan to rescind DACA, a policy of course implemented by then-President Obama without Congressional approval. And it extends protections to certain illegal immigrants who entered the United States before their 16th birthday. Now the president is urging Congress to find a constitutional solution to DACA which will come to an end in six months.
Joining us now with reaction is the anchor of "America" on Fusion, Jorge Ramos. All right, let me go to the president's remarks today, and he said we expect people in this country to play by the rules. We expect that those who cut the line will not be unfairly rewarded. And for the time being, you will be able to stay in this country without fear of deportation and get right with the law. That's what the law is. Do you have any problem with what the president said?
We can't take care of the world's children. Jorge, you have a warm heart. I admire that.
I do, and listen, I'll be honest. I only want the best for people. And I would I like other countries to now step up and do their job. One of the worst treatment of immigrants is from Mexico. If you're from Central America, El Salvador, Nicaragua, Honduras, you are treated horribly.
But I'm sure you also agree with me on this point. We are a nation of laws, and we have a constitution, and we have coequal branches of government. President Obama, as I played his own words. He didn't believe constitutionally he had the authority to usurp the power of Congress, but he did it anyway. So what President Trump is now doing is saying, you had eight months, Congress. I'm going to give you six more months, and if you want fix DACA, do it legally. If you don't want to fix it, we can't usurp the constitution.
Jorge, Jorge, then your beef is with Congress.
What I read you earlier, by the way, was from Obama. What I read you at beginning of this segment was from Obama. And Obama is the one who said you can apply to stay temporarily. This was meant to be temporary. Now President Trump, rightly so, is following coequal branches of government. He saying the Congress, go do your job. I'm giving you more time.
Jorge, you cannot ask that the United States burns its Constitution, stomp all over it in the process of doing what you want. You have to understand we are a nation of laws. Do you respect that?
I understand, but they are here illegally. They are not here legally.
I admire you. But you're missing the main point. We can't burn the constitution just to do what Jorge Ramos wants. You've got to do it legally.
Understood.
And then we should build a wall so people don't come in illegally again.
The wall works.
All right, I have to roll.
Jorge, Jorge. You should be -- Jorge, he's given Congress eight months to do their job. He's given them an additional six months.
Wait a minute, you're not going to get away with that on my show. No, you do not call --
Wait a minute. Jorge, I'm not going to let you get away with that. He never called all immigrants rapists. There have been illegals that have raped and murdered Americans, sir.
Excuse me, mothers and fathers have lost their kids, Jorge, to illegal immigrants who don't respect our laws.
We have a right to protect them and their families. I would think you support that.
Jorge, some, a small percentage are -- 642,000 crimes committed by illegals just in a seven year period in Texas alone.
You just dismiss it. You don't care about the 642,000 crimes committed --
I've got to go. All right, I agree to disagree. Thank you for being with us.
When we come back, we have much more straight ahead, "Hannity" investigation into the out-of-control Antifa violence. Monica Crowley and former Milwaukee now retired sheriff David Clarke will have reaction. That's next.
Welcome back to "Hannity." We have damning new information about the violent leftist group, some call it Antifa or Antifa. Fox News reporting, quote, "In previously unreported documents dating back to April of 2016 and viewed by the Fox News Channel, the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security wrote that the anarchist extremists and Antifa groups were the primary instigators of violence at public rallies." And even some Democrats like Nancy Pelosi, they are even beginning to slowly come out against this group.
Joining us now, former Milwaukee County sheriff, new spokesman, senior advisor for America First Action, David Clarke. Also with us, conservative commentator and friend of the program Monica Crowley.
Sheriff, I will begin with you. I think it's pretty blockbuster, but it also goes back to this whole issue in Charlottesville. I don't like any of these racist white supremacist bigots like anybody else. And I despise them. But there was another side that wanted to punch, beat, and get engaged in a fight with them. And the president came under fire for acknowledging a few of those people were there.
Monica, you're take on it?
Sheriff, if you're going to cover your face, I think it's a pretty good indication that you are going to something to cause trouble.
Guys, thank you very much. We are just out of time. But we'll have you both back very soon. Now, we're going to continue this investigation on this program into Antifa throughout the entire week.
And up next, recording artists Kaya Jones and Joy Villa, they get the final word about some good work of good people in light of the devastation in Texas, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So in light of all that has happened in Houston and of course Texas, you know what, there are Trump supporters, really good people, including a recording artists Kaya Jones and Joy Villa. They've been on the ground in Houston helping victims and raising money of hurricane Harvey. And tonight we have the final word from them and that good work they are doing.
All right, in spite of all the devastation, it really does at times bring the goodness and greatness out of the American people. We have seen that for the people, our friends and neighbors in Texas.
All right, that's all the time we have left this evening. As always thank you for being with us. We promise we will never be the establishment, destroy-Trump media. We are going to be fair and balanced and give you the other side. And we will see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 158  ***************************************************
 I want our audience to be very clear about this. And by the way, I give you a lot of credit because you know you're walking into the lion's den at UC Berkeley. You did not cancel. Tell us what happened.
There's a great irony here. Berkeley is supposed to be the home of freedom of speech, the freedom of speech and freedom of expression. Do you agree with my point that there's a bigger issue here, that what I call liberal fascism...
... and this intolerance towards any conservative -- look, there really is only one network that is fair to the president in terms of television, and it's Fox. You are friends with many of -- of my fellow radio talk show hosts. And I believe all of us are a target, as well.
Do you agree that this is now an orchestrated, funded effort? I know people are paid to tape my show four hours a day in the hopes that they -- I'll say something stupid that they can get me fired on. Do you think it's that bad. Is this a real, clear, present danger?
So do I! They are. Don't worry!
And they're reading your columns.
Yes, I agree. Look, I'm as frustrated with Republicans in Congress. Finally, it looks like they have a deal on the health care bill. It took forever and it took the Freedom Caucus to get it done.
... and bigger and worse and worse in the age of Trump.
Oh, it definitely is. I've given college speeches for years now. And it was bad during Bush. But -- and then there was nothing during Obama I think because I think college leftists didn't know what their chant should be. They needed a chant, like, Bush lied, kids died. And they didn't have a chant for it. So Obama years were -- those were the easiest thing ever.
And whoa, has it come back now! But I mean, I think what's going on with Berkeley, when you have -- it shows how radical the universities are generally. I mean, what you're talking about, I agree with. Yes, they want to destroy and squelch conservative speech.
But there is a separate issue with the universities right now. When you have Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, Howard -- Bill Maher, Joy Behar, and so on and so forth -- when they're all saying, Oh, get over yourselves, Berkeley, we have a 1st Amendment -- people have fought and died for the right to free speech. Of the college Republicans really in this case, they're a student group. I'm not just, you know, some homeless person wandering onto the square and -- but I'd be allowed to speak then, too.
They are really outside the mainstream. They are publicly funded. Forget that this is where the free speech movement started. The amount of money they get from the state and the federal government, but all of the people who should have been standing up for the 1st Amendment here all ran away with their tails between their legs.
I believe it.
Oh, I give you a lot of credit. Maybe we ought to bring every conservative out to Berkeley, and we'll have a big conservative forum out there. And let's see how they deal with that.
Ann, I admire your courage. Thanks for being with us, sharing your story. Appreciate it.
And up next on this busy news night, this busy news week as we continue tonight on "Hannity"...
Finally! Earlier today, the speaker of the House, Paul Ryan, said ObamaCare will, in fact, be repealed and replaced. A new poll shows Americans are not happy with the job of Congress and what they're doing. Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich -- he joins us with reaction next.
And the Trump administration just took a giant step forward on reforming America's convoluted tax system and educational system. Tonight, we get reaction from Maria Bartiromo and Juan Williams straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So as President Trump works to get his agenda through Congress, Speaker of the House Paul Ryan held a wide- ranging press conference earlier today. Let's take a look.
All right, Speaker Ryan is now under a lot of pressure to push through the president's agenda, and many conservatives are not happy with the job he's doing. Matt Drudge, for example, tweeted earlier today, "Paul Ryan's strategy is waiting for Pence to get sworn in as president."
And a new Wall Street Journal poll shows that Americans are very unhappy with Congress, as well. 72 percent of those polled disapprove of the job they are doing.
Here with reaction, author of the best-seller "Treason," former Speaker of the House, FOX News contributor Newt Gingrich, a rare in-studio -- I'd shake your hand, but I have the worst sickness, and I love you too much not to give it to you, How are you?
OK, I agree with Matt Drudge. There's no urgency. They were not prepared for repealing and replacing ObamaCare. Nobody saw the bill. They didn't build a coalition. And it's frustrating to those people like me that have -- for eight years, you've been saying you're going to do this. How are you not ready?
Aaron Rodgers (ph) came on.
I know. I watched.
After eight years...
Right.
But the Freedom Caucus, by the way, supports the health bill. They're now on board.
That means it's done.
Let's vote on it!
OK, but -- but Paul Ryan didn't show anybody the bill. Paul Ryan didn't build consensus among the varying factions and coalitions within the House Republicans. That is fundamentally so flawed!
OK.
I was shocked. Today, Ryan said, We're not going to fund "Obama care" subsidies.
I was actually happy. Good job checking (ph) his direction.
You have more patience than me. I am -- I where's the sense of urgency? I want the country -- we have 95 million Americans out of the labor force, 50 million in poverty and on food stamps.
Who's doing the job.
I will tell you this...
I don't -- I don't see any Democratic support at all for this president for his first four years. Do you?
Where?
Are you worried about deficits, when you're talking about a trillion dollars in infrastructure?
Why?
Are you telling these things to the president?
Through me. I'm the vehicle?
I'm the medium here?
Oh, OK. All right, we'll take a break. More with former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich.
And later tonight...
The president's tax plan unveiled earlier today. We'll will explain exactly what is in this, what tax cuts he is proposing. We have a mini monologue straight ahead. We'll get reaction from Maria Bartiromo, Juan Williams. And also later tonight, TMZ's Harvey Levin called out members of the mainstream media who pretend to be fair and balanced and say they're unbiased. They're lying to you. That's straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity" as we continue with former speaker of the House and Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich.
You just ran through a number of ways we could save so much money.
You're like a one-man Grace Commission like Reagan had in the '80s. It's funny, Ted Cruz -- I love this idea. (INAUDIBLE) saying, Let's take El Chapo's $14 billion...
... and let's build the wall.
Does that constitute as Mexico paying for the wall because he's in Mexico?
I think that's fair!
Let me -- I -- nobody in the media is willing to give this president credit. I mean, he's had a great 100 days in so many different ways. We'll put up on the screen -- we've been putting -- we have an originalist on the Supreme Court. I mean, he's moving forward with energy independence. He put sanctions on Iran, sanctions on Syria, Tomahawk missiles on Syria. He's getting along better than anybody dreamed of with the president of China. He's met the Saudi crown prince. He met with King Abdullah. He met with President el-Sis and Prime Minister Netanyahu. He's done a lot in 100 days.
Same here. Huge.
I heard they talked for four or five the first time.
China is now saying to North Korea, they are drawing a line in the sand with North Korea. They sent back North Korean coal. They put troops on the border. They're open to new trade talks with America so it's not a one-way street. That is a big deal.
By the way, you've got to be proud of me. We've known each other since 1990. I have never been to a White House correspondents dinner, not one.
I don't like them and they don't like me.
He is not going. Neither is anybody in his cabinet. I don't think there's anybody that likes him.
It's 100 percent it is going to be the Trump rally. I can't wait to see the ratings if they go back.
All right, what do you think the Republicans need to do now to expedite this process. You've cut them more slack than I would cut them.
You are nicer than me.
What am I on TV, chopped liver?
I agree.
All right, so if you would say three years from now, Donald Trump, where is the economy going to be? Where is the country going to be?
Same with education today, sending them back to the states.
If the president doesn't build the wall and they didn't fund it through the CR, and I trust the president, he seems to be keeping his promises. But if he doesn't build that wall that he campaigned so strongly on, would it be the equivalent of "read my lips, no new taxes" and go back on that?
So the wall is going up.
Well said. Mr. Speaker, we love having you in studio occasionally. It's great to see you.
It's fun.
Coming up next tonight right here on "Hannity."
President Trump's tax reform agenda unveiled today, very important. We'll explain what the administration is proposing for you, what it means to the American people, the economy in our mini monologue tonight. And we will get reaction from Maria Bartiromo, Juan Williams. And also later TMZ's Harvey Levin calling out the, quote, "bullying traditional media" on being unfair towards the president, straight ahead.
That was President Trump earlier today talking about his brand new plan to reform America's convoluted tax system. Now the new proposal drastically cuts personal and corporate taxes, repatriates trillions of dollars in offshore corporate revenue right back to the United States. It is a huge, giant step forward in fulfilling yet another key campaign promise to you, the American people. That is tonight's mini monologue.
All right, so earlier today the Trump administration laid out four concise goals for tax reform. One, grow the economy, create jobs. Number two, simplify the tax code. Three, provide tax relief for American families. And four, lower the business tax rate from one of the highest in the industrialized world to one of the lowest.
Now, in order to achieve these goals, this plan will lower the number of tax brackets from seven to three with new brackets of 10, 25, and 35 percent, double the standard deduction for individuals and families, meaning that married couples will not pay taxes on the first $24,000 that they earn. The plan will also completely eliminate the death tax as double taxation. The alternative minimum tax is gone, and the ObamaCare taxes on business and investment income.
Now, all tax breaks with the exception of the mortgage and charitable gift deductions will be eliminated.
And finally, America's oppressive 35 percent tax on corporations will be lowered to 15. That's going to bring a lot of money back to America. And currently America's tax code is thousands of pages long, thousands. The new proposal introduced one piece of paper.
Joining us now with analysis, the host of the hit show primetime extravaganza that leads into this show, our friend Juan Williams, and also our friend, the host of "Mornings with Maria" on our sister network the Fox Business Network, Maria Bartiromo. I'm just guessing you like some of this.
Maria, we still have 95 million Americans out of the labor force, the lowest labor participation rate since the 70s. We still have the lowest home ownership rate in 51 years. And 50 million Americans, our fellow Americans in poverty and on food stamps. People are suffering. I want that economic activity, I want those companies building factories and manufacturing centers.
We are done now. Thank you so much for being with us.
We were doing so good at this point. Why?
Didn't Ronald Reagan through his presidency drop the top marginal rates from 70 percent to 28 percent?
And didn't we double the revenues in the eight years he was president?
This plan is needed now more than ever.
Juan knows all about them. He uses every one of them. Juan is worried he's going to get hurt.
It you already pay taxes on that money.
I've got to run.
How about you let me decide. I pay 50 percent of, 50 cents of every dollar. I put you in my will. You're in my will. You just cut yourself off.
By the way, ending burdensome of regulation and energy independence is also a big part of this. All right, guys, good to see you. Don't forget, Juan and all my friends on "The Five," now primetime at 9:00 p.m. eastern. And Maria everyone on the Fox Business Network.
When we come back, TMZ's Harvey Levin calls out those in the mainstream media who pretend to be unbiased and fair and balanced and they are not. That's next.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So earlier this week TMZ's Harvey Levin participated in a National Association of Broadcasters conference. Now, Harvey called out some members of the mainstream media, saying there anti- Trump coverage is, quote, bullying, and that some journalists are just pretending to be objective. Watch this.
Joining us now with more, the man himself, TMZ founder, host Harvey Levin. By the way, do you still get paid to have that much fun on that show?
Because I watch you show, I can't believe you get paid to do that. Hang out with young people, joke around and take home a big check.
At 3:00 in the morning you guys are still out gathering material from all those dopey Hollywood people out at the bar drinking that night.
I don't even know what your politics are. I really don't. I like your show because it's very entertaining. But you are in Hollywood. I'm sure you have a lot of liberal friends. What you said here was so deep and profound. I think you're right. Some networks -- there is no pretense. You know who they are, what they are. People are smart enough. Fine, they can see what they want. But those that are pretending, there is a lot of those now. Their anger is so deep. Are they hurting themselves?
It was interesting. I was trying to say that to Ted Koppel. People know that I am a conservative. There's no pretense here. I've been on the air at Fox 21-and-a-half years, radio, 30 years. Most people can learn pretty quickly.
Let me go back. You actually took this hour one night. I interviewed Trump a lot. And you did an interview and I watched your interview closely. I learned things about Donald Trump that I had not known. And he gave you incredible access that he hadn't really given many other people because you were just asking questions. Tell me about your father. What does this picture mean to you? Where did this come from? There was genuine curiosity and a genuine desire to learn.
Harvey Levin, TMZ. He gets paid to have fun. It's unconscionable. Everybody in America should have that gig. When we come back in, we need your help. Our very important "Question of the Day." We have some voicemails you left for me on the "Hannity" hotline. That's next.
Time for our "Question of the Day." So what do you think of the president's tax reform plan? I happen to like it. That is a path to growth, get rid of regulation, and on top of that energy independence. We get a lot of people back in the labor force, out of poverty, off of food stamps. We want your opinion, Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
All right, hit me with your best shot. Time to play your messages left for me on the Hannity hotline.
Everybody is being so nice. I wear jeans. See, in case you are interested. Can you pan back? Jeans every night. I hate suits. I don't even want to wear this tie. I'm jealous, Bolling doesn't have to wear one. It's not fair. I have been here longer than him. I have almost been here the longest.
Anyway, have something to say, nice, mean, doesn't matter, call the number on the screen, 877-225-8587. That's all the time we have left this evening. Hope you set your DVR never, miss an episode. Don't forget our new lineup, Tucker, "The Five," and we are here to wrap things up at 10:00 eastern. Thanks for being with us. See you back here tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 159  ***************************************************
 All right, Greg Palkot, thank you.
Joining us now with more on how the United States military is responding to the North Korean threat is our own Jennifer Griffin. She's at the Pentagon tonight -- Jennifer.
All right, Jennifer. I'm not sure if anybody would want to take that gamble. Great report, as always. Thanks for being with us.
And now with the very latest from the White House tonight is our own John Roberts -- John.
Quick follow-up. When you look at the vice president's comments that the era of strategic patience is over, and then Lieutenant General McMaster saying that it's clear the president is determined not allow this kind of capability to threaten the United States, that suggests that they're not going to allow not only the matching of nuclear weapons with intercontinental ballistic missiles. I know it blew up on the launch pad this weekend, but if they are able to get that technology, that's a game changer.
And if he's as mentally unstable as many suggest, that makes it even more precarious.
John Roberts at the White House tonight, thank you.
All right, joining us now with reaction, the author of The New York Times bestseller "Treason," former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich.
Let me ask you, Mr. Speaker, the same question I'm asking John Roberts, the comments by Vice President Pence, the era of strategic patience is over, General McMaster saying it's clear the president's determined not to allow this kind of capability to threaten the United States. All right, so we know they have nuclear weapons. We know they don't have ICBM capability.
Now, if you take those words literally, it sounds like they feel that they've got to take out any capability they have. How do you interpret it?
Submarine.
Yes.
Mr. President -- Mr. Speaker, let's look at the president's options here for a minute. You're really talking about the possibility that we are going to now engage in a military conflict with North Korea, which were told Kim Jong Un is mentally unstable. If you look at the neighbors, if he launches a nuclear weapon, or conventional weapons for that matter, you're talking about the potential that millions could die in South Korea, millions could die in Japan. And you know, are we prepared to see that through? Because if we're not, we better not start it.
Sure.
Well, look at his recent behavior. He's killed a brother...
... he's killed an uncle, he's killed, you know, other detractors.
He's unhinged.
We -- well, look, I think what we've got to consider here is if America is going to take this action, we'd better be prepared for him, if he's as mentally unstable as reports have said -- that he would go scorched earth. That's a possibility.
Now, what do you make of, like...
For example, the president did have great meetings with the president of China and he had planned and campaigned on calling them a currency manipulator, but it seems, as a result of those bilateral talks, that the president was able to get concessions. Number one, you see troops on the border now that China has sent to North Korea. Number two, they sent coal back to North Korea and imported American coal. Three, we see that they're open to trade concessions to the United States.
So it seems like there is a possibility of an emerging new alliance, America and China against North Korea. How much time should we allow for that to play out?
And they said that they might take out the sites themselves.
Well, you're the...
You're the historian. The last century alone, when you look at, you know, Russia, Stalin, fascism, Nazism, imperial Japan, the killing fields, over 100 million souls died.
More recently, to shake people's memories, 9/11 happened. There is evil in the world, and certainly Kim Jong-in seems to fit into that category.
We'll have more with Newt Gingrich, though, right after the break.
And coming up, tonight's monologue. We'll explain how it was Bill Clinton and Barack Obama and appeasement that we can blame for the situation we now find ourselves in with North Korea and elsewhere.
And then later tonight...
Ainsley Earhardt speaking with the president earlier today at the White House. She asked the president if he's ruled out using a military strike against North Korea. We'll play that tape. Ainsley joins us later, and much more tonight on "Hannity."
And welcome back to "Hannity."' So President Trump is forced to deal with an increasingly dangerous North Korea after the disastrous appeasement policies of both Bill Clinton and Barack Obama towards his rogue regime. That's tonight's "Monologue."
All right, the president once again is having to confront yet another complete foreign policy failure passed down from the Obama and Clinton administrations. Now over the weekend, North Korea held a military parade to show off its intercontinental ballistic missiles and other weaponry all in a show of force.
And on Sunday, Kim Jong Un tried but failed to conduct a new missile test, and today, we saw Vice President Mike Pence while at the Korean demilitarized zone take a hard stance with North Korea over new signs of dangerous aggression. Watch this.
All right, if we don't learn from history, we are doomed to repeat it.
So how did we get to this point? Let's go back to 1994. Bill Clinton was the president. His administration, they struck a deal with Kim Jong Un's father, Kim Jong Il, where according to The New York Times, the U.S. agreed to give North Korea over $4 billion in energy aid over a decade in exchange for North Korea freezing and eventually ending their nuclear weapons program.
Now as part of the deal, North Korea would allow inspectors into its nuclear sites. But -- this is important -- would also be allowed to keep their nuclear fuel rods, which could be used to make weapons for an unspecified number of years. Even The New York Times was suspicious of that part of the deal, writing at the time, quote, "This provision means that the potential that North Korea could break its agreements and quickly produce nuclear weapons will not disappear until the end of the decade."
Now, these fears didn't stop Bill Clinton from praising the agreement. You may remember that praise. Watch this.
Yes, he was wrong, the president was wrong -- President Obama, about Syria getting rid of their chemical weapons. What if Obama's wrong about Iran also?
Now, it didn't take very long in this case for North Korea to move away from the agreement and show new signs of aggression. In 1998, Pyongyang, they fired a long-range missile over Japan into the Pacific Ocean. And by 2006, well, the rogue regime had conducted their first nuclear test.
And under Barack Obama, we saw an explosion in dangerous, threatening activity from North Korea. Now look at the graphics we're putting up at the side of the screen. Now, they show various nuclear and missile tests that were conducted by the North Koreans, including a hydrogen bomb test, but that were largely ignored by the Obama administration for eight long years.
Why? Because of appeasement policies. Now, if this deal sounds familiar and similar, well, to the disastrous one struck with the radical mullahs in Iran, well, it is. President Obama gave the rogue regime in Tehran $150 billion in exchange for their promise not to build nuclear weapons. Tehran agreed to let inspectors into their nuclear facilities, but guess what? Iran is still allowed to spin their centrifuges and conduct missile tests!
That's why it's easy to see where the Iran deal is going. All you have to do is look where we are with North Korea. And don't forget when it came to Syria, the president, John Kerry, Susan Rice, they all said Syria had gotten rid of their chemical weapons because the president drew a red line in the sand. It never happened. They were all dead wrong.
Now President Trump has to deal with this mess because after eight years of the Obama administration, North Korea, well, they think they can do anything they want without any sort of response.
The good news is President Trump has already shown that those days are over. And the president now has to take a tough stance and is also turning to North Korea's key ally, China, to help resolve the situation. Now, China has already agreed to stop buying North Korea's coal, which estimates say will cost Pyongyang about a billion dollars a year.
And of course, the president's detractors, they're saying he's flip-flopping by not labeling Beijing a currency manipulator. But guess what? President Trump, he likes the art of the deal. And now China is helping with North Korea.
Certainly beats the alternative, by the way, and that is North Korea developing long-range nuclear weapons with, of course, ICBM capability.
Joining us now, we continue more with speaker of the House, former -- FOX News contributor Newt Gingrich. When you look at that history and then you think of Susan Rice, John Kerry and President Obama -- oh, that red line in the sand, they got rid of their chemical weapons. Then you add to that equation the idiotic deal with Tehran, you wonder when are we going to learn the lesson? Thoughts.
Mr. Speaker, I know you're known for being a great politician, but having known you all these years, I know that really deep down inside, you're a historian and a professor at heart. With that said, 9/11 wasn't that long ago. And if you go back to World War II and Nazi Germany, historically, it really wasn't that long ago, or under Stalin some 30 million people slaughtered. It's not that long ago.
It seems to me that we always -- it's like human beings are incapable of recognizing human evil. And in both these instances, it seems like A squared plus B squared equals C squared. You got a crazy despot in North Korea or mullahs in Iran married to nuclear weapons, we have a potential human catastrophe of historic proportion! I would think everybody would get that.
Yes.
That's such a good point
By the way, your old district in Georgia is in a little bit of jeopardy for the Republicans. They got -- they got a primary tomorrow -- well, they have an election tomorrow, but there's so many Republicans running, there's no consensus candidate, and a Democrat basically running unchallenged. If he gets to 50 percent, that would be your seat going to a Democrat.
All right, Mr. Speaker, always good to see you. Thank you for your time. An important vote tomorrow agreed.
And when we come back, Ainsley Earhardt who was at the White House with the president earlier today -- she asked the president if he has ruled out using a military strike against North Korea. We'll have that full report with Ainsley.
And then later tonight...
All right, liberal snowflakes out in full force this weekend. We've got all the video and Lou Dobbs as we continue tonight on "Hannity."
And welcome back to Hannity. So tensions with North Korea continue to match tonight. "Fox & Friends" co-host Ainsley Earhardt interviewed President Trump earlier today at the White House and asked him all about it. Take a look.
Now, Ainsley's interview with the president will air tomorrow morning on "FOX AND FRIENDS." She joins us now with the preview in studio.
It seems like the president made a deal.
And the reports that I have from my sources in the White House is that he got on famously with the Chinese president. And they're helping out and putting troops on the border, and they're sending back North Korean coal, and they're helping us to open a trade negotiation with us. It seems to me like that is a pretty good deal for America considering their proximity, this is more their problem that our problem.
I did see you with Eric and Lara Trump, and they have two dogs. Where is President Trump's dog?
You had a lot of good interviews today. Sean Spicer, Kellyanne, the president. And that will air tomorrow morning.
Thanks for sharing it with us.
Appreciate it. And watch that interview, "Fox & Friends" tomorrow 6:00 to 9:00.
When we come back, the Trump administration not backing down over North Korea's aggression. So how big is his threat with the rogue regime? We'll ask our military advisors. And then later tonight --
Liberal leftist statist snowflakes out in full force this weekend acting insane. Lou Dobbs weighs in on that and more as we continue.
Tensions escalating between the U.S. and North Korea. Joining us now, the author of "Warrior Diplomat," retired U.S. army Special Forces Officer Michael Waltz, and the author of "The Siege," retired Brigadier General Tony Tata is with us. Tony, let me start with you. We know he has nukes. We know he's trying to get missile capability, ICBM capability. We also hear that he would like a nuke in a submarine. That becomes an even bigger threat. But if he's as crazy as they say, what does that mean for South Korea, what does that mean for Japan, China?
Michael, I don't hear good options there for the president, and I get the feeling that this chubby dictator desperately wants a confrontation with the United States.
What you can say is the only way to do that is to go in and take out their nuclear sites now. And that risks what for South Korea, for Japan, for China? Last words, General Tata.
Thank you, Bill Clinton. And he gave you $4 billion for that too, as well. Thank you, Barack Obama. Thanks, guys.
Up next on his busy news night tonight here on "Hannity."
Dueling protests clashing in Berkeley, California, over the weekend. How will the violence from the snowflakes end? Lou Dobbs weighs in when we come back.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So violent protests broke out in Berkeley, California, over the weekend after anti-Trump and pro-Trump demonstrators clashed. According to reports at least 11 people were injured, 20 were arrested. And meanwhile, left-wing agitators all across America held tax day demonstrations led by Nancy Pelosi and other prominent snowflakes using April 15th as yet another excuse to openly express their feelings about the 45th president.
Joining us now is the host of "Lou Dobbs Tonight" on our sister network, the Fox Business Network, Lou Dobbs is with us. I'd like to say this is going to go away, but I don't think the left wing snowflakes are going anywhere.
Look at Berkeley. Berkeley cops had to be ordered to stand down because they were there. They saw the fights. Look at the fights breaking out. Nothing happens.
Then you've got Maxine Waters leading an "Impeach Trump" chant. And did you about the school of Arizona State University professor gave her class of choice to take the final exam or come up with the project, and the project is go to an anti-Trump. I think even I would pick go to the anti- Trump rally than study for an exam.
I think you probably would have.
What about Sarah Silverman? Let's play her. Show us your taxes. This is the most important -- we have the North Korean dictator suggesting thermonuclear war, and you want to see Donald Trump's tax returns? If you missed it, Rachel Maddow had a big breakthrough on that. Watch this.
Forget North Korea, forget Afghanistan, the mother of all bombs, tax relief, repealing and replacing Obamacare. Show us your tax returns.
What if I or you were out there like Madonna and said you thought seriously about bombing the White House. How come Madonna says that, nothing happens?
So I can say that and I would've gotten away with it.
They would have taken me seriously. They would have taken you seriously.
She still threatened -- thought seriously about blowing up the White House. I take it seriously.
I don't know. "Like a Virgin"?
Many year ago. All right, Lou Dobbs, thank you.
When we come back, we have a very important "Question of the Day." We need your help. And the HANNITY hotline straight ahead.
Time for the "Question of the Day." So who do you think is to blame for North Korean aggression? I went through the history. It is Bill Clinton's fault? Just like Obama was wrong about Syria, chemical weapons, so too was then President Clinton about North Korea getting nukes, and so too will Obama be proven wrong about Iran. Just go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
All right, we're playing some nasty messages for me on that "Hannity" hotline. Let's see what you go tonight.
That is not really hate. That's not too bad. By the way, I do have a movie coming out. It's called "Let There Be Light." And it will be out over Thanksgiving, and I hope you like it. If you have something to say, nice, mean, doesn't matter, call the number on your screen, 877-225- 8587.
That's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. We will see you back here tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 160  ***************************************************
 More than ashamed. A lot of people broke the law. It's more than ashamed. This is so deep in its corruption; it should shatter the conscience of law-abiding American citizens. Fox News is also reporting tonight that the memo is being sent to the Department of Justice and the inspector general which could, in fact, lead eventually to criminal charges. We have also been reporting that this memo, believe it or not, is only about 15% of what's coming. This scandal is only in phase one. Now Congressman Devin Nunes, he told Bret Baier tonight that more memos are coming. Stay tuned, tick tock. And also tonight, now that this memo has been released, look, we have been telling you about this for a very long time, it was March of last year when we first reported that there was a FISA warrant on Trump Tower.
Everything that we have been talking about and uncovering for a year on this program is now being shown to be true and exposed. In the meantime, all this while, the liberal mainstream media, they have wasted an entire year holding this country hostage on a false narrative based on a conspiracy theory that President Trump colluded with the Russians.
They have and have had no evidence whatsoever because it doesn't exist. The media has been corrupt and lying to you, the America people. At the end of the day they are nothing but propagandist, an extension of the Democratic Party and tin foil hat conspiracy theorists that are so pathologically locked in their hate of President Trump they don't know any better at this point.
All the information we have been reporting now on this has been out there. But you have overpaid journalists just too lazy, to rigidly ideological to do their jobs. They have been sitting on the sidelines while the biggest scandal in their lifetimes has been unfolding right before their very faces. Now, we have been talking about this issue -- FISA abuse, spying on the Trump campaign, since March 6th of last year, and the media has ignored it every step of the way. Here is what I said that day back on my radio show in March of last year.
This is the swamp, Obama holdovers, life-long bureaucrats, that are sabotaging. This is the shadow government I have been talking about. This is what deep state means. They are sabotaging the President Trump presidency. A cardinal rule of the Obama Administration is no White House official ever interfered with an independent investigation led by the Department of Justice. That's not a denial that it happened, meaning the FISA court requests. And it says that, as a matter of practice neither the president nor any White House official ever ordered surveillance on any U.S. citizen, any suggestion -- they didn't order it. That doesn't mean it didn't happen. And that doesn't mean Obama didn't know that it happened.
We have known the whole time we were right. We have taken a lot of heat for telling the truth. But the evidence, the facts, the truth, that's what we should pursue. It's all there. It's been there. The media doesn't care about any of this. They want President Trump to fail. Otherwise, they would be reporting on this story instead of ignoring it.
And now by the way, they are doing everything they can do to try to discredit it, and it's not going to work. Now, here's the thing. Facts are facts. Truth is truth. The media cannot twist and distort truth, and you, the America people and those of you that have supported this show, we thank you tonight because you in part have made this possible. You called your congressman and congresswomen. You asked them to release the memo and they did. And sadly, it does shock the conscience.
Joining us now Fox News contributor and Investigative reporter, Sara Carter; Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett; and Fox News national security strategist, former deputy assistant to the president Sebastian Gorka. It was March 8th of last year, you and John Solomon on this show broke this story of a FISA warrant and surveillance of Trump Tower. And how few in the media cared to follow what is the biggest abuse and corruption scandal in their lifetime. Sara?
You know, I even have testimony, I don't have the time to display it . We have so much information to get out tonight, Gregg Jarrett remember when he, Comey, met with Donald Trump, he said it's unverified and it's salacious.
But two months earlier he was arguing just the opposite. And the worst part is, they knew where this dossier came from and they never told the FISA court. Criminally speaking, is he in jeopardy tonight?
So, Sebastian, this is what they do. They knew the dossier was false. They knew that Hillary Clinton paid for the dossier, they never told the judge. They knew the guy that was responsible, Steele, hated Donald Trump and didn't want him to win. They knew they couldn't spy on a Trump associate without the dossier. They were shut down the first attempt they tried to get it and then they got it on the second shot, and admit without it they never would have got it?
Unbelievable.
That's par for the course. None of which was true.
All right. Let me go to Sara. Sara, it was about a year ago you broke this story. My sources tell me this is just the tip of the spear, the tip of the iceberg, and there is so much more to come. I was given a percentage, about 15% of what is coming. What are your sources telling you? You were dead on accurate on March 8th of last year.
Last thoughts, where is this going?
All of you have been doing the work of the media for an entire year and sharing it with our audience. I can't thank you all enough. I wish it didn't happen though. We have a lot of cleaning up to do here. When we come back, a "Hannity" exclusive. The president's attorney Jay Sekulow reacts to this FISA memo. That's next. Please stay with us.
Joining us now with reaction to the explosive memo detailing FISA abuse, also President Trump's attorney and also the chief counsel for the America Center for Law And Justice, Jay Sekulow. Jay, I'm calling this the biggest abuse of power corruption case in our lifetime. This was all designed to impact a presidential election and an incoming president, and to undermine an incoming president, and to undermine an election. I want to get your general thoughts first.
Well what happens if you know that this is a Democratic bought and paid for dossier, and you know the information is false, and you don't disclose this to the judge on four separate occasions? Now, if I was the judge in this case, I think I would be pretty angry about all of that.
You are saying he used, what he called in front of then-President-elect Trump unverified and salacious dossier. Two months earlier he used to get the warrant to spy on the Trump campaign and then the Trump transition team. So the level of duplicity, which is it? Because if you thought it was unverified--
-- and salacious and you presented it to a court and signed off on it, and that was the determining factor. As you point out it was denied first in July, then James Comey has a big legal problem, doesn't he?
Yes.
Let me go to the very end of the memo when they talk about Andrew McCabe and his testimony in December 2017 that no surveillance warrant would have been sought from the FISA court but for the dossier information.
The Democrats have tried to jump on that and say oh, he didn't exactly say that, well, I checked with numerous sources on the committee that have confirmed, he was asked this question multiple times and actually his answer is far worse than what the memo actually states in this particular case.
That, in fact, they wouldn't have sought this in any way without the dossier. So in this is the situation, Jay. You have got Hillary Clinton, bought and paid for and of all things dossier full of Russian propaganda. Wow, pretty ironic when you think about it.
OK. But it's to lie to the American people continue to influence the election which ratchets up the typical lying that's done in political campaigns. But then it's used to obtain a FISA warrant to spy on an opposition part in an incoming president. Now we have seen--.
It's interesting, wouldn't we have had a special counsel but for all of this, Jay Sekulow?
Well, I believe it did. And it gives justification. If I was General Flynn tonight, and my lawyers, I would be in a room tonight coming up with strategies, same with Paul Manafort.
The president earlier today reacting to the stunning FISA memo which was, in fact, declassified. Joining us now with reaction North Carolina congressman, chairman of the House Freedom Caucus, Mark Meadows and Ohio Congressman, also a Freedom Caucus member, Jim Jordan.
Congressman Meadows, let's start with you. I was wondering at times if people were overselling this. And many in ways I think you undersold it in this respect. I think this is the biggest abuse of power, corruption, scandal we have ever had where you have one presidential candidate using phony Russian propaganda, bought and paid for.
And then you have the highest ranking people in the DOJ, in the FBI using the powerful tools of intelligence to try and spy on -- and successfully spy on and hopefully derail an opposition party candidate, and then undermining an incoming president. We have never seen this before, Congressman.
Congressman Jordan, I watched you in committees and there were times I'm like, finally somebody is saying it. I felt like I was hanging out here on a thread by myself some nights with some of my good partners and friends on the show. But it is worse than we thought. And I'm told that we might have a Grassley memo as early as next week that takes it yet to another level.
It never should. So Congressman Meadows, what does this mean? I would argue without all of this, what we are describing and talking about tonight, there is no Special Counsel Mueller. And I'm saying he needs to go yesterday. Because he never should have been appointed based on what we know tonight.
But they knew it was Hillary's in the beginning. And they never told the court the truth.
Omission -- that omission is a lie. All right, Congressman Jordan, what should happen next? What's the next step in terms of if we want to right this tremendous injustice and constitutional violation?
Biggest abuse of power, corruption case in our history. Thank you both for what you have done--
-- to help expose this. The American people deserve the truth. And I have to thank all of our listens for calling your congressmen and women. You helped make this day possible. But it's only the beginning. We will need your voices in the future. When we come back, Ed Henry on the Democrats' reaction in all of this and Joe Concha, Ari Fleischer, so much more on this Friday breaking news night.
Joining us now with details. Democrats are reacting to the release of this FISA memo, Fox News chief national correspondent Ed Henry, tonight. Ed, big breaking news day.
I think Devin Nunes needs to look at the Democratic attacks as a badge of honor. It's sad though for the country. Ed Henry, great reporting as always. We appreciate it. And Democrats are not the only ones trying to dismiss this explosive memo. Their allies in the destroy Trump media predictably spent all day doing what they do, lie. Take a look.
Joining us now, the Hill's Joe Concha and former White House press secretary, Fox News contributor Ari Fleischer. Here is what we know from the memo and I have actually talked to one person in particular that read the underlying documents, Ari. We know that the FBI and the DOJ, they knew the dossier.
They knew that it was fabricated. They knew it was false information. Even if they said they were the infancy stages of verifying it and remember, months later, it was James Comey that said oh, it's not verified and it's salacious as he informed the president-elect.
They also knew it was bought and paid for by Hillary Clinton. They never told the FISA judge. They also knew that the guy that wrote it, Christopher Steele hated the president and had an agenda.
They also knew they couldn't spy on a Trump associate, McCabe said, without the dossier. So they used it anyway. And they used it to impact a presidential election. Using the opponent's bought and paid for lies. You can't write a spy novel worse than this.
Without all of this happening, and the basis for all of this is - lends itself to what happened with Robert Mueller being appointed, Joe Concha. Look, you study the media. You follow the media.
That's a good point.
Well, we have been lied to for the entire week. Ari, now that we know -- that we know, there was some collusion and Hillary paid for what turned out to be Russian propaganda. It was designed to lie to the American people. And then it was designed and used to spy on an opposition candidate in an election year. And then spy on incoming president. You want to special counsel for that?
All right, thank you both for being with us. When we come back, my final thoughts on this FISA memo and where we go from here. That's straight ahead.
As we have been saying on the show this Nunes memo is 10 percent to 15 percent sadly of what we're told will come out of this scandal. There is a lot more coming.
In many ways, the fact that the media has been so wrong and so corrupt, it is a story that will haunt them, I would argue, for decades to come. We'll have more coming. Stay with the Fox News channel. Stay with us.
This story is only beginning and you deserve to know the truth and thanks to all of you who helped get this memo released. I hope you have a great weekend. I think the patriots are going to win but what do I know? We will see you back here Monday. Laura Ingraham is live next. We'll see you then. Have a good weekend.

show#: 161  ***************************************************
 Now, unfortunately, the destroy Trump media -- they won't focus on how hard the president and good politicians in Texas are working for all of these flood victims. Instead, the abusively biased press -- they're stealing a page from the Democrats' playbook. And just like Chicago Mayor Rahm "Rahmbo dead fish" Emanuel once infamously said, "Never let a crisis go to waste." He was talking about politics.
Right now, millions of Americans are facing carnage and heartbreak caused by what may end up being the most expensive natural disaster in the history of this country. The media seemingly -- they don't care at all. They're using this as an opportunity to go after the president.
Now, yesterday the president -- he traveled to Texas. He wanted to survey the damage and offer his full support. But of course, that's not good enough for the elite left-wing media because, by the way, it never is. If he cured cancer, it wouldn't be enough.
Now, they still found a way to twist and distort what the president's trip was about. For example, the partisan press -- they tried to create a fake news controversy over the first lady's shoes when she went aboard Marine One? How small, how petulant, how petty, how insignificant is the left and the media in this country when that's all they care about? And they're failing miserably and exposing themselves.
Then they took things a step further. They tried to say that President Trump has no empathy for the victims. Now, take a look at their new line of attack. We're highlighting all of the examples with our favorite ding sound again. All right, watch this.
This is way beyond petty, this is beyond disgusting, beyond shameful even for the destroy Trump. The president has no empathy for suffering Americans? Really? Now, they clearly were not paying attention to his campaign. Remember? That was based on helping Americans get out of poverty, off of food stamps -- in other words, the forgotten men and women in this country that need jobs.
And as we've been showing you night in and night out, this is what the media does. They always find a way, even during a tragedy, to go after the president, try and discredit the president, delegitimize him, the first lady, his family, his advisers, anybody that likes him and is associated with him.
It just never fails, and it's why the president took to Twitter this morning, to fight back and to put out his truth, which is what people need to see. And he wrote, "After witnessing firsthand the horror, the devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey, my heart goes out even more to the great people of Texas."
Then he wrote, "After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines, it does make me wonder why. All I want to do is make America great again."
And then later added, "Texas, Louisiana, we are with you today. We are with you tomorrow. And we will be with you every single day after to restore, recover and rebuild."
So this week, the line of attack is, "Oh, the president is heartless. He doesn't care about the victims." And "Oh, let's pay attention to the shoes that his wife is wearing, the first lady." And last week, it was, "The president is unfit and unhinged." It never ends.
You see, this media shameless agenda -- it just continues to be exposed. I say it's going to all boomerang back against them. They wanted from day one to damage, destroy the president with every chance they get, and if they can't find one, they'll make up a reason regardless of what he does.
And guess what? It's you, the American people -- it's you, the American people, that will remain suffering. And guess what? It's not the out of touch, overpaid, lazy, left-wing ideologues that are my so-called colleagues. I'm embarrassed to be associated with them in the media.
Now, remember, they were so wrong about the 2016 election. They also don't care about the president's agenda. We told you last week about all of the items of success. They've never reported on them. Well -- all the proposals that will help millions of Americans that are suffering after eight years of failed Obama policies that they never reported on. For example, will the media cover fairly the president's tax reform pitch that he put out today?
Now, here's the president from earlier explaining why America desperately needs to have tax cuts and overhaul the tax system.
Now, the president, just like he's been doing for months -- he's leading. He's offering solutions. Do you ever hear any of these ideas from the media? Do they want to do the same thing? Have they ever offered up ways to solve the problems of those Americans that are in trouble and suffering or ways to make people's lives better?
No, they're obsessed with tearing down the president -- Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia -- you know, examining the president's mental state. Well, what about their Trump derangement syndrome?
You know what? It's time now for Congress to get on board, get behind this tax plan that'll create jobs, pass legislation. Look at this brand-new Fox poll out tonight on the issue of passing tax reform this year. Forty-nine percent of registered voters said, yes, it's important. Seventy-eight percent said it's unlikely to happen.
Well, that means it's time for Congress to get to work. And wait until we show you the polls about Congress and Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell tonight. They need to pay attention and compare their poll numbers to the president because the American people need things done. It's good for the country. It's good for those people that have been left behind.
And if Congress can pass tax reform like Ronald Reagan did, it will unleash a new wave of American prosperity and millions of new jobs and get millions of Americans off food stamps and out of poverty and back in the labor force and a shot at the American dream!
So it's time to put the country first. Congress, get busy.
Time now -- joining us now is the counselor to the president, Kellyanne Conway. Kellyanne, welcome aboard.
By the way, can you please tell the audience what kind of shoes you're wearing tonight because they really want to know.
Yes. And by the way -- so this came up on my radio show today because my staff would say, Well, what shoes do you wear? I didn't know I had a hole in my shoe until today. I didn't know.
Does anybody -- this is how petty -- this isn't funny when people are dying. Everything they worked their whole lives for is being destroyed.
And this is seriously what they want to talk about? This is not funny anymore.
Well, let me -- let me...
Let me put up another favorable opinion that came out at, what, 44 percent. Pence is 46 percent. Paul Ryan -- Paul Ryan got some things done in the House, good for him, more than they've done in the Senate.
Then you look at Nancy Pelosi 31 percent, Schumer 27 percent, Mitch McConnell 20 percent, and 18 percent in his own state. I'm hoping they're paying attention that the president remains twice as popular because he's doing his job and keeping his promises. And I think Congress needs to, you know, get on board finally!
All right, I got to...
Absolutely.
All right, Kellyanne. Maybe next time I'll see you, you have a new pair of shoes considering the country's so obsessed on the left with shoes. Thank you for...
Unbelievable. All right. Thank you so much.
Earlier today, I spoke with Texas senator Ted Cruz.
The stories of heroism and the people that I have interviewed and neighbor helping neighbor has been amazing. I've got to give your governor a lot of credit. I've got to give your lieutenant governor a lot of credit.
The federal response -- you got 30,000 National Guard troops going in. Are you confident -- and this was a question I asked the governor last night. In the short term, there are people that need food, water, medicine...
... baby formula...
... cots, blankets. My friend at My Pillow sent 60,000 pillows over.
Are you confident all of these necessities in the short term will be there and a good enough plan for those people that will be years away from getting back in their homes?
All right, Senator. And I know my friends at Samaritan's Purse are there.
I know the Red Cross is there.
I know churches are all hands on deck. Our thoughts and prayers, Senator. We love the people in your state. We're very sorry for all that's happened. And we wish you the best. And we'll continue to focus on this in the days, weeks and months ahead, sir.
All right, now, earlier this month, Republican congressman Dana Rohrabacher -- he went to London. He met with Julian Assange face to face. The California lawmaker now says he's working on arranging a meeting with the president. Is it possible that Russia-Trump collusion never happened? We'll find out next as we talk to that, a "Hannity" investigation straight ahead.
Did Russia give you this information or anybody associated with Russia?
You did not get this information about the DNC, John Podesta's emails -- can you tell the American people a thousand percent you did not get it from Russia or anybody associated with Russia?
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange on this program back in January denying Russia had anything to do with giving WikiLeaks the DNC emails during the 2016 election.
Earlier this month, Republican congressman Dana Rohrabacher of California traveled to London. He met Assange face to face, the first congressman to do that. Following the meeting, Rohrabacher predicted that if the American people know the information that Assange has -- and he would be the one guy that knows the truth of where it all came from -- they would be outraged over the time that was wasted blaming Russia for this particular hack. And now Congressman Rohrabacher says that a meeting is being arranged between him and the president to discuss what he was told by the Wikileaks founder.
Now, former NSA whistleblower Bill Binney, 34-year veteran -- he's also questioning the Russia hacking story. Watch this.
Now, I had Bill Binney on my radio program, and he said 99 percent certainty -- 34-year veteran NSA -- that it was not Russia. Now, some news outlets have also been reporting that former U.S. spies doubt this Russia hacking narrative, including Bloomberg. They ran an article entitled, "Why some U.S. ex-spies don't buy the Russia story." Even the liberal Nation -- they wrote a new report raises big questions about last year's DNC hack. The Washington Times did the same thing.
Joining us now, California congressman Dana Rohrabacher. One, I want to give you credit. It is true that if there's one person on earth that would know the source of this, wouldn't it be Julian Assange of WikiLeaks? And isn't it true WikiLeaks has never been wrong in 11 years?
... never been proven wrong. And the material they've released...
One thing -- and I've interviewed him four times on radio and one time on TV, and I asked him numerous times, Would you ever release anything that would put people in the field, innocent people, in harm's way? And he swore he would not. Are you convinced that that's true? Because I can't think of an instance, can you?
It's embarrassing.
Congressman -- I don't mean to interrupt...
You know, fool me once, shame on me. Fool me twice, three times, five times -- allegedly, Julian Assange at 16, Kim Dotcom at 16 hacked into the DOD, hacked into NASA. Now, he's 45. At what point is it America's fault that we have not built the cybersecurity to prevent that from happening? And at some point, do we blame our own government for its failure?
Well, they're not doing their job!
We should be unhackable after 35 years!
OK.
Let's talk about...
So he would be the one person that knows where this information came from.
Do you believe that this Trump-Russia collusion narrative will be proven false? And do you believe he holds the key?
So...
Let me be clear. It is possible that the media's lied to the American people, and the Democrats have lied to the American people for nearly a year, and that they've disrupted the flow of information and manipulated the flow of information in this country for nearly a year. You're saying -- you -- what is the percentage certainty that this has all been a lie?
OK...
We're going to bring you back next week...
Doesn't Robert Mueller then...
Doesn't Robert Mueller then need to talk to Assange? Doesn't he need to at least look at the evidence or attempt to get the evidence? Does he care about the truth? And doesn't...
Uranium One.
145.
OK...
I'm about to lose you.
You have a specific message for the president of the United States, but it's only one you can tell him privately. In this environment, is it going to be hard to tell it privately? Because Dana Rohrabacher is now sending back messages from Julian Assange. Is that going to be possible? And if not, will you go public with what you know? And obviously Julian Assange probably just wants to be left alone and go to Ecuador is what I would imagine, right?
If he has the truth that will blow this lie out of the water that you're saying and 99 percent certainty, does he deserve immunity if he reveals the truth to the American people?
All right, Dana Rohrabacher we're going to have you back next week. We'll stay on this story. This is pretty blockbuster. When we come back, Dr. Sebastian Gorka straight ahead.
Welcome back to HANNITY. So last week the country learned that Dr. Sebastian Gorka was no longer working for the White House. However, Dr. Gorka still vows to work as hard as he can to push through the president's agenda and to drain the D.C. swamp.
Joining is now, the man himself, author of the bestselling book "Defeating Jihad," former deputy assistant to the president Dr. Sebastian Gorka. I was surprised and, frankly, a little bit shocked at this happening. You told me that you believed you could help push the president's agenda better from the outside. Tell us what happened.
Most people wouldn't understand this, Dr. Gorka. I actually looked at some of the remarks. You're talking about bureaucrats, policymakers, and we see Congress, Republicans that are weak and pathetic, spineless, visionless, and frankly I don't even think they have an identity anymore. But you're saying that he's actually battling people within the White House. What does that mean? Who are these bureaucrats? You mean Obama holdovers?
I know you mean that, and I will say this, that I've never seen a president have to deal with a leak a day from within his own government, or conversations with presidents and prime ministers leaked. And if they don't stop that leaking, the unmasking, the surveillance, and all the shenanigans, espionage act violations, it's going to be problematic for the entire country.
Did you say Steve or Sean?
Thank you, Dr. Gorka, and we will have you on often. Appreciate you being here.
When we come back, the FBI dismisses the Freedom of Information Act Request for files about the department's investigation into the Clinton server scandal. Why? We've got the reason. It will shock you.
Also, brand-new Fox News contributor Tomi Lahren, Geraldo Rivera weigh in straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." The FBI's shoots down a Freedom of Information Act request to release files about their investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server, and the reason is beyond bizarre. And frankly, I don't believe it. The letter from the FBI to the lawyer who put out the FOIA request reads in part, quote, "You have not sufficiently demonstrated that the public's interest in disclosure outweighs personal privacy interests of the subject."
Here with reaction, and by the way, brand new Fox contributor Tomi Lahren is with us, and Fox News contributor at large Geraldo Rivera. All right, so Tomi is new to FOX, Geraldo. You're a 50-year TV veteran. So I'm going to go to her first all the time.
Tomi, welcome aboard the Fox News Channel. And our audience is very familiar with you. You've been on a ton of times before. How would this not be in our best interest? It's in everybody's best interest to get the truth, right?
Geraldo, you're a lawyer. Subpoenaed emails. You're also my friend. Let's say I deleted 33,000 subpoenaed emails. Let's say I decided to acid wash the servers and the hard drives with BleachBit. Let's say I took a hammer to my BlackBerries and iPhones just to make sure they don't exist. And then I sent the FBI the other devices with no SIM cards. And I hire you to protect me. What's the first thing you're going to do? Probably give me a cake with a file in it because I'm going to need it, right? Not even you could get me off of that.
You don't believe in equal justice under the law. You want a two-tier justice system. I go to jail and she gets off the hook. And Tomi would go to jail, too.
You go after, Geraldo, take him on.
Who gets to delete emails that are subpoenaed? Tomi, welcome aboard. Geraldo you're good to have your hands full in the days and weeks ahead. Tomi is going after you. My job just got so easy. Good to see you both. Tomi, welcome aboard, good to have you.
And when we come back, "The Daily Caller" exclusively reporting Debbie Wasserman Schultz I.T. aide who has been indicted by a grand jury still has an account that is active on the House computer system. The reporter breaking that story Luke Rosiak, here next.
And welcome back to "Hannity." Shocking new details tonight from the former DNC chair Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz's former I.T. aide. Remember he was arrested for bank fraud while trying to flee the country, and was most recently indicted on four charges, including conspiracy, making false statements.
Tonight The Daily Caller is it reporting exclusively, quote, Debbie Wasserman Schultz's I.T. staffer banned from House network months ago still has an active account. How is that possible? Joining us now, the one reporter in this country that actually sees this for the news that is, Daily Caller investigative reporter Luke Rosiak.
This to me is, let me get this straight. This is a guy double billing, had family members that had worked and I think got fired at McDonald's. Another one worked at a car dealership. Double billing, they knew it for a year, and she kept him working. Broken government hard drives in his garage, and he still has an active account, really?
How is it possible that you have more government hard drives busted up? How is it possible, why did she keep him on? Do you believe this story that this was about I didn't want to racial profile somebody?
All right, we're going to continue to follow this story. We have so much more to get to. We're not going to let this go. And the fact the media doesn't report on this, you and I both know if it was a Republican it'd be huge. Luke, congratulations, keep on it, and we'll have your back on as soon as we can. Thank you.
When we come back, more "Hannity" right after this break.
Unfortunately that's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. We hope you will set your DVR so you never miss and episode. We miss you when you are not here. This show will always be fair and balanced. We are not the establishment media. We'll see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 162  ***************************************************
 Many thanks to our friends on The Five. This is a Fox News alert. Welcome to Hannity. A massive breaking story tonight from circanews.com. Sara Carter, former Obama national security advisor, Ben Rhodes is now tonight a person of interest in the House Intel Committee's unmasking investigation.
We'll get all the details coming up in mere moments. First, the five forces working to destroy President Trump are now kicking their efforts into overdrive. They want to bring down, delegitimizing this commander-in- chief. Laura Ingraham will weigh in on that in our breaking news.
The Washington, D.C., swamp, they are waging an all-out war against the president. How is it possible for the president to govern when his own party is just pathetic? Tonight's important breaking news and opening monologue.
All right, a reminder, as we've been telling you now four months, five forces aligning to take down President Trump but what we're now seeing in this day and age unfold is far worse than ever before. Let's start with the deep state, they are the most dangerous.
Selectively leaking information meant to damage and hurt the president. Now, the perfect example, it happened again last night. 'Washington Post' citing an anonymous source, shocking anonymous, reporting the present was personally involved in the statement about his son Don, Jr.'s meeting with the Russian lawyer.
Kim Jong Un, that's who are going to compare the president to? We'll have a lot more on the destroy Trump media later in the show tonight with more examples you need to see. The next group, the Democrats, they've made it very clear. They will obstruct, as they say resist the president in every turn no matter what the issue is.
If they really cared about the forgotten men and women, 50 million in poverty, food stamps, lowest labor participation rate, although we have almost 1 million new jobs now, wouldn't they offer some solution to help the American people out?
Then reestablish Republicans. We already saw them fail and fail miserably. They couldn't even repeal and replace ObamaCare. Breaking a major promise they've been making for seven years. And, what John McCain and others like Lisa Murkowski did last week it was inexcusable.
Instead of working to keep their word, well some of these Republicans they appear ready to throw in the towel move on to the next issue. Which proves as we have been saying that Republicans have no spine, you have no backbone, no vision, no willingness to fight for the American people.
You don't have any identity. What are you people stand for now? And then the Never Trumpers, all right forget them. The so called Republicans, they want the president to fail just so they can say I told you say. One example, look at Arizona Senator Jeff Flake. He's releasing a new book. He goes after President Trump and Republicans have supported him.
Take a look at him selling his book.
No, senator, you've lost your way. Instead of trying to sell your books, maybe, Senator, you should be focusing on lowering ObamaCare premiums. Let's look at your home state of Arizona. Let's see, in the last year alone, they went up 116 percent, the highest in the nation. So the Never Trumpers, like Senator Flake, they don't seem to understand that by blocking the president's agenda and you see the reaction he gets around the country, they're only harming you, the American people.
The President's son, Eric Trump, who was on the show last night, he summed it up perfectly. Watch this.
And he represents Conservative principles, Eric is right about that. So how is it possible for the president to govern on principles Republicans say they support when even Republicans don't have his back?
And they're undermining him, now Republicans you need to either start working to help the American people, pass the agenda you say you support or get out of the way.
Or better yet, you're going to be fired and nothing is going to be able to stop that. Now that we've given you the background information about exactly what's going on, exactly what the president and his administration are up against, I want to point out a massive double standard when it comes to media coverage in this country.
Earlier today, the White House Press Secretary, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, called out the press - - the establishment press for ignoring - - you've heard it on this program, not many other places, massive Democratic scandals, good for her. Watch this.
Checkmate, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, great job today. That's exactly what the media should be covering, but they don't because they are completely, abusively biased. They're leftwing, ideological hacks; they only care about advancing their anti-Trump narrative. And they're obsessed 24/7.
Well, they're Republicans. This is the thing.
Hey Laura, what do -- how do they get away with smashing to smithereens, hard-drives, how do they get away with deleting subpoenaed emails, 33,000. How do they get away with acid washed bleach pit, how do they get away with hammers?
Did you every take a hammer to a Blackberry on an iPhone? How do you get away with sending the FBI devices without SIM cards? Why do I think I would spend eternity in jail and you would have to bring me cake with a file?
That's not what they told us though.
They lied to us Laura.
They lied to voters in 2010, 2014 and 2016.
He crushed them.
He crushed them. He won.
Right. Stay with us. When we come back, we'll devote an entire segment to the breaking major news story from Sarah Carter, Ben Rhodes, Obama aid now a person of interest in the Congress, unmasking investigation. We have all those details and a big Hannity surprise tonight. We'll tell you about it straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity" a Fox News alert. Circa News' Sara Carter, she'll be on tomorrow night. A major breaking story tonight.
Former Obama White House National Security Advisor Ben Rhodes is in fact now a person of interest in the House Intel Committee's investigation into unmasking.
We continue now with Laura Ingraham. I wanted to hold this for its own unique segment because it's Susan Rice now. Now, we have the article about James Clapper, then we have the article about Ben Rhodes and more leaks.
Seven times the amount of leaks than the previous two administrations.
Unless people go to jail for the felonies they're committing we're never going to see an end to this are we? And, I'm not saying anyone's guilty but it's got to be gotten to the bottom of.
As Pete Hoekstra -- well, she's going to have to testify. I want to -- you said something that is so very important. And Pete Hoekstra actually used the term he's deeply concerned. I want to explain to people why this is important and I want to get your response.
We give our intelligence community -- and these are brave men and women that are protecting us from ISIS, Al-Qaeda, China, Russia, Iran, all our enemies. We give them these powerful tools and then 99 percent of intel people risk their lives for us and deserve credit. We don't know their names, they work so hard.
But here's the problem. If those powerful tools are turned on the American people.
And then the intel is leaked, like General Flynn, we have a police state, Laura by that one tenth of one percent. This is a real clear danger for Americans.
I hope people are hearing us. This is really important.
And I'm going to make a prediction. It's scary and my prediction is other top Obama people will also be found involved. Top, not the intelligence community, the top people. Laura Ingraham, thank you. Great analysis.
You won't believe what vile things are being spewed by the mainstream media about the president. We have that and a big announcement tonight. Straight ahead.
Guest spot on Colbert, that's how low? But there's a really serious issue here. All of those scandals I just mentioned, it takes me too long to name them, Mercedes, but now Ben Rhodes, now unmasking on top of Susan Rice, on top of the Clapper story last week, wow. This is huge.
They're never going to talk about those. Joe Concha, does this ever end, or is it going to be one way from now on and they are all going to be sheep in the media?
Well said. That's so well said.
Guys, well said, both of you.
Coming up, a Republican congressman is now saying Mueller needs to go, and I have a special announcement. I'll tell you about that straight ahead.
Welcome back to HANNITY. The House Judiciary Committee member Congressman Trent Franks is now calling for Robert Mueller to resign as a special counsel because of his friendship with former FBI director James Comey. In a press release, Franks said, quote, "Bob Mueller is in clear violation of federal code and must resign to maintain the integrity of the investigation into alleged Russian ties. Those who work under them have been attested he and Jim Comey possess a close friendship and they have delivered on the record statement effusing praise on one another."
Joining us now with reaction, Fox News anchor, attorney Gregg Jarrett, former White House press secretary, Fox News contributor Ari Fleischer, from Judicial Watch, Tom Fitton.
Let me, Gregg, start with you because I don't even think this is the most egregious side of this. And by that I mean I don't like that he hired Hillary Clinton's attorney that worked under the Clinton Foundation. We put up all the donors, for example, political donations from Mueller's team that went to Democrats, as we put that up on the screen. And you have been able to identify very specific statutes and laws, as you explain them, for example 28-CFR-45.2 disqualification statute. Why don't we put them up on the screen and you can explain them in what they mean?
Ari Fleischer, I think this is only one of a small part, but there's a bigger part here. It is when you look at we're told now classified information leaked by James Comey to cause the appointment of a special counsel. It ends up being his close friend. There's talk that they coordinated before he testified before the Senate Intel Committee. And that relationship goes further and further. What is your reaction to all this? Should he recuse himself and get out of the way?
OK, but you can't be comfortable, Ari, and I know you're a fair minded individual, you can't be comfortable with the people he's putting around him because you can't have a Clinton lawyer, Clinton donors, Obama donors, Democratic donors. Where are the Republicans on this? Is there any Republicans there? And one person with ethical problems in terms of intimidation tactics the way I interpret it in his handling of past cases.
Ari, you saw this in the Bush years. You saw what they did to Scooter Libby. You saw how close they got to Karl Rove. You saw the investigative creep. This is a real problem with all special counsels. Let's get Tom Fitton's case, thoughts on this.
We've got to break, but when we come back, I want to talk about why are Republicans -- they're not only not getting things done legislatively, they're not using their subpoena powers. And do we have equal justice under the law? Our panel continues.
Welcome back to HANNITY. Former DNC chair, Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz is now under increasing pressure to answer questions about her former IT aide who was arrested for bank fraud while trying to leave the country last week. Now a watchdog group, the Foundation for Accountability and Civic Trust, has now filed a complaint with the Office of Congressional Ethics questioning why Wasserman Shultz kept paying at the aide after he was barred from the House computer system. Remember the double billing issue?
We continue with Gregg Jarrett, Ari Fleischer, and Tom Fitton. Ari, as I look at that and I'm thinking the media ignores this, a, and, b, wow, she kept this guy after she knew he was double billing? Why would she possibly do that?
Gregg Jarrett, you're an attorney, and I know if I smashed hard drives and I deleted subpoenaed emails and I BleachBit the server and the computers, all the things they have done, and her i.t. guy and she keeps him on, why do I think I'd be in jail and I'd need to hire you and pay you a lot of money?
Wow. And Tom, to me, these run so deep. Where's the Republican Party? Where is the party that has the power of subpoena? I say Russia is a nonissue, there's been no evidence, and that's all the media talks about.
Hillary, Uranium One, Ukrainians trying to influence our election, meeting with the DNC operatives, information passed on to the DNC, Hillary's campaign. You've got Comey, Loretta Lynch and all these instances. The Republicans seem impotent. They can't get legislation done and they don't use their investigative powers.
Last quick question, and I'll throw this to Gregg Jarrett. Gregg, there's a mountain of evidence on these issues. No evidence on Russia, and that's all we hear about is Russia. Thoughts?
Guys, thank you all for being with us, appreciate it.
When we come back, I have a big announcement that I want to share with you. That's straight ahead, really big. Big, big, big.
Welcome back to HANNITY. Time for our "Question of the Day." Do you agree with Congressman Trent Franks? Should Robert Mueller resign as the special counsel? Facebook.com, or Facebook, and @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
Don't worry. I don't have a big role in the movie, but I'm very proud of the project. Kevin and Sam and others were phenomenal. As we get closer to October 27th, I will let you know more.
As always, thank you for being with us. Our promise, our pledge to you, we are not the establishment media, always fair and balanced. See you back here tomorrow night.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 163  ***************************************************
 Really? Posing like an ISIS fighter with a decapitated head of the president, there's the horrible treatment. This president now, not only him, but his family, the president's 11-year-old son Barron, now he has to see stuff like this.
Now, do I think Colbert should've said any of that? No, of course not. I criticized him for crossing lines in the past. But I also pushed back against the calls to silence his voice at the time. Look at this.
I will not support these boycotts, Monica. The fire Colbert -- #FireColbert, I won't go - they can say what they want. If you don't like it, change the channel or watch something else or turn your TV off.
Now, next is Bill Maher. Here is one of the many offensive things that he also has said about President Trump. Look at this.
Obviously, beyond vulgar, beyond repulsive and, of course, I criticized Maher at the time for saying it. But just like in the case of Stephen Colbert, I never said his voice should be silenced. I never supported a boycott. Don't believe me, take a look, let's go to the videotape.
Maher can say what he wants. Do you agree with me these dangers exist of conservatives trying to get these guys fired or boycotted? Look, I don't agree on much when it comes to Bill Maher.
And by the way, over the years, we've gone after each other a lot on each other's shows, but despite all of the vile and offensive crap that he has said over the years, I have never called for him to lose his job.
Now, some of you in this audience have actually been mad at me for not doing that because I've defended his right to be so offensive. Now, over the years, I have been consistent on the issue not to try and get shows canceled.
Now, people might not like it, but I support people like Bill Maher and their right to say whatever they want to say even if it's about me or the president, insane, nasty, crazy disagreeable. You know what? I don't want to silence anybody.
In fact, over the years - let's go to the videotape again - I've defended Maher a number of times. Take a look.
I hate to defend you, but I think you're absolutely right in this respect. Why can't Bill Maher unleash, say whatever he wants and then let viewers of Katie Couric's show decide.
I've defended Bill Maher's vile comments for years. Nobody is saying boycott HBO. Turn the dial. Don't watch, don't listen. He says all these outrageous things, he's the one - he's almost become an iconoclast because he's willing to speak the truth when so many others in the media are scared to death.
Now, we also have all these liberal Hollywood snowflakes spewing all their hatred. People like Madonna and Ashley Judd. They're all unhinged. Watch this.
Thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House. Well, this now brings us to the destroy Trump propaganda media. Now, we point out how these so-called journalists, day after day, night after night viciously slander, smear, besmirch the president, launching one savage personal attack after another, pushing tinfoil hat conspiracy theories.
This is what is supposed to be news in America today. Take a look at this.
All right. Now, I've said in 2007 and 2008, journalism in America is dead and the people you just saw have zero credibility. They are partisan, ideological hacks, they've been hell-bent on destroying the president from even before the time he got elected.
But as we've also said on this show, if you don't like what they're saying, guess what, you can turn the channel. You don't have to watch it. You can turn the on and off button off.
But my larger point tonight is this. Where is the so-called free speech tolerant left, the champions of free and open exchange of ideals and opinions? When do they ever stand up for conservatives? I haven't seen it. And when do they stand up for conservatives' First Amendment rights, conservatives' ability to speak out, conservatives that are under attack when their voices are trying to be silenced?
And by the way, you watch the Clinton/Soros funded group. You know what? When are they going to go after people on their side? They never do that.
Now, just look at the disturbing photo, for example, from a satire site called The Onion, but I don't really find it funny. It's kind of like the Kathy Griffin decapitated ISIS look, holding the president's head with all the blood on it.
Now, I don't particularly find this funny. And by the way, nor does my 15- year-old daughter. That's me. Yes, bloody, gruesome, multiple knees, coming out of a corpse. Now, I don't believe in boycotts. I'm consistent. I never have. I never will.
But if we don't as conservatives fight back and fight fire with fire, more conservatives will be isolated, targeted in Greta Linskey (ph) style and voices will be silenced.
And that's what my next three guests are doing. They are fighting back. The cofounders of the Media Equality Project. That's Melanie Morgan, Brian Maloney. As we told you last night, they are just getting started. They gave us a preview of other hosts whose extreme comments they will be highlighting and their advertisers, along with the president of the Media Research Center Brent Bozell.
Guys, good to see you. Brent, welcome to the discussion and debate. You've been in the forefront of this hypocrisy, Brent, for decades. And you had enough to. And you now agree - and by the way, Melanie and Brian are not doing a boycott. They just show the outrageous things said. They started with one show. They moved to another show tonight. What are you doing?
And, Brian, this is interesting point. You're not calling for a boycott. Your show - I never knew - I don't watch other cable networks. I had no idea the types of crap they spewed every night. I just don't watch it.
And so, I've learned a lot, but I still support the right to say it. But what you're saying is, if you isolate, target one conservative again, you're going to get the same treatment.
Now, do you think - because you've said they're going to be - you'll be going after people at CBS and NBC and ABC and CNN and - tonight CNN apparently - and MS.
As you go after them, do you think these networks are going to finally maybe get up to speed with what we've been living through as conservatives for years? And do you think that maybe that they'll get the message because you said you'll stop if they stop.
All right. I want to just give our audiences, Mediaequalizer.com and it's mrc.com, right, Brent?
Go ahead. Melanie, you want to add a last point.
I'm sorry, mrc.org.
All right. Mediaequalizer.com and mrc.org.
Welcome back to "Hannity."
The left in America, they are completely unhinged. They're now obsessed with pushing bizarre unhinged conspiracy theories about President Trump that are absolutely insane and none of it based in fact or reality.
So, tonight, well, we're talking about Hillary Clinton who has been the leading voice of these tinfoil hat crackpots for decades. The number one in America conspiracy theorist, Hillary Clinton. That's tonight's mini monologue.
Blaming anyone and everyone else for her failures, that's nothing new for Hillary Clinton. Well, she's now gotten to the point of constantly making bizarre excuses for the 2016 election loss.
Now, in just seconds, we're going to play some of it, we're going to show you some of this. But let's go back to the 1990s. Her husband Bill Clinton embroiled in scandals and controversy.
Instead of just accepting responsibility for what happened, telling the American people the truth, Hillary, nope, she blamed a vast right-wing conspiracy. You may remember this.
All right. So, things have not changed much since then. Now, Hillary Clinton continues to peddle conspiracy theories, no evidence whatsoever, and make ridiculous excuses about why she lost to President Trump. She's now offering up a long laundry list of reasons for her crushing defeat in November.
Now, take a look at the side of your screen. Now, Hillary conveniently forgot to mention that she didn't bother to campaign a whole lot in Michigan and Wisconsin and that a large majority of you, the American people, thought that - as I do, thought she was corrupt and untrustworthy, and those are just a few examples.
Now, let me explain what's really going on here. Hillary Clinton is the ring leader in pushing bizarre conspiracy theories meant to destroy and damage President Trump. And, of course, the propaganda media, they just follow in suit like the sheep they are.
Now, Clinton and the left and the destroy Trump media, they have a shared goal now, and that is to delegitimize Donald Trump's presidency, undermine American democracy, the will of the American people.
Here with reaction, Fox News contributor, former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee, and I'll keep rolling this on the side of the screen, governor. There's nothing she doesn't blame here. I'm surprised she doesn't blame climate change for losing.
Governor, sometimes it's the moment, sometimes there's different conditions, environments, but you always - at the end, you've got to take responsibility.
You're watching these attacks on the president. I think they're unprecedented. You're watching the bizarre Russia/Trump conspiracy. Every night, we play Clapper and Comey and Rogers and Maxine Waters and Diane Feinstein and Joe Manchin saying there's no evidence of collusion, months and months and hundreds of hundreds of hours of coverage.
Is this distracting the president, his team from being able to do their job? Are they trying to do that?
Governor, next time you're on, I have a question about you going to the White House. I think you should go there and help the president. I think you'd be great. My own personal thoughts, but we'll talk about it next time. Thank you for being with us.
NBC sinking to brand-new lows in their anti-Trump coverage. Herman Cain weighs in on that.
And the Vice President Mike Pence will join us to weigh in on the president pulling out of the Paris climate agreement, which is a huge win and a campaign promise he fulfills. Straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So the Obama administration, their unmasking scandal continues to expand. Yesterday the House intelligence committee, they issued seven subpoenas related to this probe. Now, among those subpoenaed were three Obama officials, Susan Rice, John Brennan, Samantha Power. Earlier today the president tweeted, "The big story is the unmasking and surveillance of people that took place during the Obama administration." I think he's right over the target.
Joining us with reaction from Circa News' Sara Carter and John Solomon. And we've been pealing layers of an onion here, and now this is a big one that has been peeled away.
And we've got to also put this in context, John, because, and this is all part of your reporting as well, is that this is seen now through the prism of an election cycle, 2015 and 16. And the big question, of course, was real legitimate surveillance being used as a ruse to spy on Americans and get intelligence about the Trump campaign, about members of Congress? And you see such an increased use of this surveillance unmasking that it raises serious issues in your mind about whether or not spying on Americans and political opponents occurred. Am I interpreting that right?
What was the percentage increase?
And on top of that, the one crime we know committed, Sara, was the leaking of intelligence in the case of General Flynn, so it even gets worse.
He said he did.
It rings a bell.
All right, guys, I've got to run, but I will say this. This is going to be, I think, one of the biggest scandals in history, and it's just taking time to get to the truth. And it's amazing how the rest of the media ignores it. Great investigative work again. Sara, John, thank you, we appreciate it.
And up next on this busy breaking news night, tonight "Hannity."
NBC News continues with their biased anti-Trump coverage. You won't believe what they said in just the past 24 hours. We will play the tape and get reaction from Herman Cain.
And also tonight, President Trump announced earlier today that he will pull out of the U.S. Paris climate agreement. That's a huge win and a campaign promise kept. Reaction tonight from the vice president, Mike Pence, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So last night we showed you some of the most outrageous things said on a so-called news network, CNN. Tonight we wanted to show you what is now being reported over at MSNBC. Look at the headline from Mediaite. "Joe Scarborough compares Donald Trump to a kid pooping his pants." Really, Joe? Really, Joe? Take a look.
Also from "Morning Joe," you may have seen this headline. Joe Scarborough speculates Donald Trump is Vladimir Putin's hostage. Watch this.
Joining us now, former presidential candidate, Fox News contributor, Herman Cain. Herman, look, Joe Scarborough has one of the lowest rated shows ever in cable, always has and always will. He has always had delusions of grandeur, A, he could work at FOX and beg for jobs here, and, B, that he'd be the president. He's really just an arrogant, pompous jackass and always has been.
But when you treat the president the way him and his fiancee, Mika, are treating it, what is your reaction? It seems to me that this is so below the belt, but it's like a constant refrain over there.
Listen, I guess, I mean, the whole channel over there has become the conspiracy theory challenge. You have the history channel, you have the American Heroes Channel, you have the Fox News Channel, you have ESPN, then you have the conspiracy news channel. And it's almost like as I watch over there occasionally or I read about what they say, it's like they want the president to fail. They want impeachment. They want to take him out. And that's pretty dangerous for the country from my perspective. What's yours?
All right, Herman Cain, always a pleasure. Thank you, sir.
And coming up, President Trump, this is a huge win for him, a campaign promise kept. He has pulled the U.S. out of the Paris climate agreement. Thank God. Up next, we get reaction from the vice president of the United States Mike Pence will join us straight ahead.
That was the president earlier today announcing that he will pull the U.S. out of the Paris climate agreement, keeping a campaign promise. Here with reaction from Washington is the vice president of the United States, Mike Pence. Mr. Vice president, it's always an honor. Thank you for being with us.
It's really great because I read as much as $4 trillion in a worldwide tax, I'm sure we would pay the vast majority of it. Number one, he kept the promise. Number two, he said he's open to negotiating, but not a bad deal, and that's another promise that he kept. So tell us why is this so important?
I think -- I've actually been really fighting for my career lately, so I've been a little busy with other topics. But I think this is really the only show in America that has listed the president's accomplishments. And I noticed when he was in the Rose Garden today that he went through part of that list. It never seems to get reported. What are you most proud of? And what do you see coming, because I'm a little bit worried about the timeframe, the legislative calendar about getting a lot of these things done before the end of the year.
Over a million now. Over a million.
Mr. Vice President, you've been gracious enough. We're going to air part two of our interview with you tomorrow night on the program. And we appreciate it. We will ask you about the unprecedented attacks against the president, the administration, his family and more. But when we come back, we need your help. A very important "Question of the Day" straight ahead.
Welcome back to HANNITY. All right, it's time for our question of the day. Do you think President Trump made the right decision about the Paris climate agreement? Such a great decision, and a campaign promise kept. We want to hear from you. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, and let us know what you think.
Before you go, this past March we ran a few stories about spring break activities on South Padre Island. On March 28th, one of our colleagues on the program stated that a shooting had taken place at Clayton's Beach Bar and Grill on the island. Now, while there was an initial report of shots fired near the restaurant. This turned out not to be true. We want to apologize to Clayton's for that error. When we make a mistake, we mean it, we're sorry.
That's all the time we have left this evening. Thanks for being with us, and, with Fox's permission, I will see you back here tomorrow night.

show#: 164  ***************************************************
 All right. In the wake of this tragic school shooting in Florida, President Trump is showing some very strong leadership. He is now trying to find ways to keep America's schools safe, our kids safe. And during another White House listening session earlier today, the president -- he offered up ideas and solutions.
Let's take a listen to what he had to say.
All right. You have to give the president a lot of credit because instead of engaging in the same old tired back and forth, repeating the same talking points, the politicians, the media use after these tragedies, he is actually trying to come up with solutions, solving the problem.
Here's the bottom line. We have a choice in all of this. Do we keep having the exact same political debate that we have had ongoing since Columbine that's not going to change anybody's minds or do we actually fix the problem? Do we want to protect our children?
Remember, after 9/11, well, we fixed the problem of aircraft security and I am a very strong supporter of the Second Amendment. I'm sure people in this room are as well tonight.
Wayne LaPierre, right? Good points.
He also pointed out how the NRA has led the effort in many ways to keep the guns out of hands of criminals and from people that shouldn't have these weapons.
But, of course, if you are watching -- well, the corrupt media in this country listening to Democrats in Washington, they will never tell you that because we are only interested in demonizing, attacking the NRA, the Second Amendment supporters, it is all predictable and it is all pathetic.
For example, you have to -- all you have to do is look at what's happened during fake news CNN's gun control, quote, town hall last night. Facts, differing opinion didn't matter. CNN stacked the deck against Second Amendment supporters.
Just take a look -- Dana Loesch will join us in a minute -- at how she was treated last night.
Dana will be here in just a second. And also, you heard people saying burn her. Wow.
Think about that. How can anybody have a serious conversation when one side is literally calling the other side murderers and screaming that they need to be burned?
Fake news CNN, they are not interested in solutions. This was all about creating political theater. As a matter of fact, it did nothing to solve the problem.
Fake news CNN also has another serious problem on their hands. Colton Haab, he's a Stoneman Douglas High School student. He actually saved lives during the shooting. And is he reporting that CNN actually tried to script his questions at last night's town hall that he didn't end up participating in because he wasn't going to be a part of that farce.
Here is what that student told our own Tucker Carlson earlier tonight.
So the student is saying.
Oh, OK.
And they are saying they would never provide scripted questions and Colton's father withdrew his name from participating before the show began.
But this is not the first time that the fake news network has been accused of scripting questions. Michelle Malkin put out a great article in January of 2016 for 'The New York Post.' Here's the headline,' 'CNN's long history of allowing Democratic town hall plants' and here are just a couple of the many examples she found.
This is great.
First, I want to say I obviously didn't watch because they are on at the same time, but I watched later. And number one, you did a phenomenal job under the most difficult circumstances.
Bring us behind the scenes. You were called a murderer, burn her, what else?
I'm one.
You are not doing this because you are being paid.
That was a cheap shot by the sheriff.
He has a liberal point of view, that's fine but what he did was wrong.
All right. Let me ask you one quick question, as I got -- we have you for two segments which is great. What other names were you called while on that stage?
So, they wanted Jerry Springer?
We have Geraldo.
That's scary.
That's scary.
That's scary.
In all fairness, Geraldo, one of my best friends in life. We disagree on some things. You believe in Second Amendment.
You agree with what I outlined for security measures.
I'll tell you what we're going to do. I will say this, if -- there are so many signs, it is embarrassing they didn't get this kid earlier.
But we'll come back and we'll continue. We'll pick it up. I promise, we have a full segment next with our panel.
Later, Kellyanne Conway on the stage right here at CPAC, straight ahead.
All right. As we continue from CPAC 2018, still with us, Dana Loesch, Katie Pavlich, Dan Bongino, Geraldo Rivera.
All right. Let me give Dan a chance to respond to Geraldo and what he was saying, he doesn't want young people -- by the way, young people that are mentally disturbed, nobody wants them to have a gun. I don't think there is one person here if you are -- if the cops come to your house 39 times, they only came to mine 29 when I was young.
So, but in all seriousness --
That kid is troubled. We knew he was troubled.
One at a time. Go ahead.
Hang on, let me bring in Katie Pavlich. Katie?
Katie, let me ask you, it would be better that teachers teach. I'm not against teachers having guns in the classroom if they want and they are trained. What about retired police, or retired military, they're for that job?
Yes, they should definitely have them.
Your point.
Make sure our audience at home can hear.
You agree armed guards.
OK. So everybody here agrees with that? They want to do something.
Okay. At school?
Dan.
Hang on, one at a time. Katie go ahead.
That was Virginia Tech.
Dan Bongino, hang on. Real quick.
No, Geraldo, focus on me for one second. We agree that we need -- if we put retired police and military in the schools we do threat assessment.
Geraldo, what I'm saying to you is we all agree that we could secure every school with armed retired military and police. Do you agree with me?
Last word, Dana, we got to roll.
I agree. This was a real debate tonight. So let's give it up for everybody here. Thank you all. Kellyanne Conway as we continue from CPAC. That is next.
That was from today's listening session that was at the White House, two days in a row following this horrific mass shooting last week. Well, the President has now shown leadership. He is trying to find solutions? Keeping our schools and kids safe. Joining us now a big warm CPAC welcome to the counsel to the President, Kellyanne Conway.
Everyone talked about moving the capital to Jerusalem, nobody did it, but Donald Trump. Is he going to solve the problem with school shootings?
We just played a clip of the President. He also spoke yesterday about how the average school shooting is over in three minutes. Even the best first responders as great as they are, they need six minutes to get there.
That is why and he made another good point, all these politicians, all these celebrities, all these people that would like to disarm Americans that aren't willing to put retired armed military, retired armed police in the schools, they are usually pretty well protected with their own security forces of armed people like at the Oscars, et cetera. So there is a lot of hypocrisy here and the lectures that come from people that themselves have security and armed guards is a little -- falls flat, at least on my ears and most people here.
Banks.
Concerts.
I have a scenario that I think everybody at home and everybody here, I want you to just think about for one second. If god forbid you ever find yourself in any administration building, I don't know where or have this would ever would happen and there is an active shooter. Would you or would you not want retired, armed, military, retired armed police on site so you have a fighting chance?
What do you make of the liberal media and just within seconds and hours they're out there with their predictable talking points and attacking the president?
Kellyanne Conway let's give her a big CPAC welcome. We appreciate it and hang on. Coming up, new developments on the phony anti- Trump Clinton bought and paid for dossier, Sara Carter, Gregg Jarrett, Matt Schlapp all next. Stay with us.
All right, tonight, Fox News has confirmed David Kramer, former State Department official, aide to Senator John McCain has invoked the Fifth and will not testify about the anti-Trump dossier's Russian sources to the House Intel Committee and joining us now from the American conservative union, he put CPAC together every year. The one and only Matt Schlapp, Fox News contributor, investigative reporter Sara Carter, Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett. This is a big deal, especially in light of Devin Nunes now saying he wants an answer from Obama officials for 10 questions, specifically related to the phony bought and paid for Russian dossier that Hillary tried to manipulate the American people with.
We know Clapper, Brennan.
And what is that question?
Gregg Jarrett, what's fascinating. Fusion GPS, the FBI, nobody verified the dossier. And then they brought it Comey even said in January of 2017 to the President-Elect, it was salacious and unverified, but in October they went before a FISA court and the bulk of that FISA application was that phony Hillary Clinton bought and paid for dossier and they never told the FISA Judge that it was Hillary Clinton bought and paid for. They put a footnote in, it may be political.
Let me ask Matt a different question, a little off beat. You know, everyone says oh the President is a nationalist populist. I have been a Reagan conservative 30 years in radio. 23rd year on Fox. I see him as a Reagan conservative the way is he governing.
I know you take heat.
And I see him as a conservative, how do you see it?
Isn't this all Reagan? You have not said one thing that is not Reagan.
What's the next phase, we only have a short period of time with the dossier.
They should know in a couple of weeks.
We have a lot more on tomorrow night's Hannity.
You guys have done a phenomenal work. Matt great job with CPAC. Thank you for having us. When we come back, more Hannity and a lot of football throwing.
All right, unfortunately, you have a good time CPAC?

show#: 165  ***************************************************
 
show#: 166  ***************************************************
 Now, while Weinstein says he's going to try and better himself, his legal troubles may just be getting started. Now, the New York City Police Department, the London police are re-examining allegations of sexual assault against Weinstein. Now a statement released by the NYPD reveals that investigators, they are working to determine if there are other complaints filed against Weinstein and according to the AP, the NYPD special victims unit is now working on talking to potential victims.
Now, this includes the women mentioned in the explosive New Yorker expose. Remember, that article, three women accused this man of rape. The AP is also reporting that London metro police, they are investigating an allegation of sexual assault against Weinstein dating back to the 1980s. Now the allegations against Weinstein, these are beyond disturbing and to be 100 percent clear here, what allegedly happened to Harvey Weinstein's accusers is horrible and it's understandable why they are afraid to come forward.
Now earlier given Weinstein's tremendous power and influence in Hollywood -- like some of them have said, Weinstein could have crushed their careers, destroyed their entire lives. But as we're about to show, people in Hollywood, they knew this was all going on and many could have done a lot more to stop this.
Now, the Weinstein scandal was an open secret in Hollywood. For example, take a look at this video from 2013. It is comedian Seth MacFarlane, he is making a so-called joke about Weinstein.
Now after that clip that you just saw resurfaced this week, while MacFarlane explained that the reason he made the so-called joke back in 2013 was because of a friend of his told him that she had an uncomfortable encounter with Weinstein. Now MacFarlane added that the comment came from a quote, "place of loathing and anger."
Now, there's also this so-called joke about Weinstein from a 2012 episode of the NBC show "30 Rock." Let's watch this.
Now clearly after what we know now, the joke wasn't funny. This was an open secret in left-wing Hollywood. So, clearly people involved in the production of that NBC show, they had to at a bare minimum have some idea about what Weinstein was doing. And yet, all of those, they chose to what, crack a joke about the situation? Well, guess what? It's not funny.
And once again it proves Hollywood has no standards, no morals, no basic human decency. With what we are finding out, it looks like Harvey Weinstein's actions were just one of the biggest open secrets in that industry. And the liberal mainstream media, they also now tonight seem complicit in keeping these accusations against Weinstein quiet.
Now, according to Sharon Waxman, she is a former New York Times reporter, a 2004 story that she was working on about Weinstein allegedly paying a woman to keep her silent after he sexually harassed her, was eventually killed by the so-called paper record with what the reporter says was the helped from Matt Damon and Russell Crowe. Now Damon, he is denying that he took any part in stopping the story from going forward. He says the conversation that he had with the reporter was not about Weinstein. Russell Crowe, he hasn't yet to comment publicly. Now, a former New York Times editor is also pushing back against Sharon Waxman by saying, "Oh, The New York Times never spiked a story."
And then there is the biggest purveyors of conspiracy lies and theories in the country today, NBC News. Now Ronan Farrow, a reporter, he actually works for NBC News. He ended up having to publish this explosive story about Weinstein with the New Yorker because NBC didn't think the story was strong enough to make public. Now, in a very awkward moment Tuesday night for NBC, well, Farrow goes on Rachel Maddow's show, the champion of human rights, to explain what he says happened with his own company. Watch this.
Wow! Now predictably in internal media remarks obtained by The Washington Post, NBC News President Noah Oppenheim, he denied that there was any effort to cover anything up. Now he also reportedly defended the network's decision to pass on that story. He was saying Ronan Farrow's reporting at the time he presented it was not strong enough to move forward with.
Well, if you listen to what Ronan Farrow said the other night, that is not the case. And NBC is so inconsistent with what it puts on TV and what it publishes. Remember, this is the so-called news organization. They have a news operation day in and day out that runs wild with lies and conspiracy theories daily about President Trump, about his administration. Guess what? Often they are completely void of any facts. Yet when it comes to a story about a very powerful high-profile liberal like Harvey Weinstein, NBC now claims they weren't enough facts to go with even though Ronan Farrow proved otherwise.
So in my opinion, by not going forward with these stories, The New York Times, NBC, they allow this behavior to go on. And guess what? People suffered because of what they did.
So typical of the left, the liberal mainstream media. So quick to report rumors, conspiracy theories about President Trump, conservatives, Republicans. It comes to a scandal involving a liberal? They are more than happy to just say, well, maybe we will not cover this. Now, the liberal mainstream media in this country, they seem to only care about allegations and sins against conservatives.
For example, the bias press, they love to talk about Russia, Russia, Russia. But they never told Americans about the real Russia collusion story. That was Hillary Clinton, Vladimir Putin. Uranium one and a 145 billion kicked back to the Clinton Foundation. We will get to that in a minute. But first, we want to remind you, our viewers come about Harvey Weinstein's generous donations to all of these Democrats over the years.
Now, this is something most shows in the mainstream media, they are glossing over in terms of their coverage. Weinstein donated nearly $44,000 to Hillary Clinton and even more, over $56,000 to the Obama victory fund. Weinstein also gave $97,000 to the Democratic National Committee and even wrote checks for over $76,000 to the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee.
And Hillary Clinton and the Obama's, it took them five long days before they weighed in and started to slightly denounce Weinstein. And last night on the liberal fake news, CNN, there was Hillary announcing, well, she's going to give the contributions from Harvey Weinstein to charity. Here's what she said.
Sick, shock, appalled. All right. Let's take a moment to applaud Hillary Clinton's newfound moral compass. After all, this is the same Hillary Clinton who gladly took millions and millions and millions and millions of dollars into the Clinton Foundation from countries with the most deplorable human rights records. Now tonight, well, we want to know -- Hillary, if you are sick, if you are shocked and so appalled, are you going to give the money back -- for example, your foundation took between 10 and $25 million from Saudi Arabia. They restrict women's rights to work and travel. Men tell them how to dress. You know what? In Saudi Arabia, if you are gay or lesbian, you can be put to death. You accepted money from that country.
And then there is UAE, they gave the Clinton Foundation between 1 and 5 million dollars. Well, they gave men the legal right to beat their wives and they don't recognize marital rape. Kuwait also gave the Clinton Foundation between 1 and 5 million dollars, they also have an atrocious track record on women's rights. For example, no laws prohibiting domestic violence.
Brunei gave Hillary Clinton's foundation 1 to 5 million dollars. In that country marital rape is guess what? Not illegal. Qatar donated 1 to $5 million. In Qatar, it's written into law women must obey their husbands. They rang up another 1 to $5 million from Oman. Well, that's where a woman's consent is not required to legalize a marriage. And last but not least, Algeria donated several thousand dollars to the Clinton Foundation and that country also doesn't recognize marital rape as a crime and restricts travel for some women.
So we have to ask Hillary Clinton, if you really care about the rights of women, are you going to return the money from those countries that practice Sharia, where women are told how to dress, whether they can travel, whether they can work or go to school? Where in many of these countries, gays and lesbians are killed? You can't practice your faith if you are a Christian or Jewish because you cannot build a temple or a synagogue?
I'm not going to hold my breath here. I'm not going to expect Hollywood liberals or the mainstream media to ever call out this massive double standard.
And finally tonight, new evidence that sexual harassment could be part of a much larger systemic problem in Hollywood.
Now, we've all heard the stories, the rumors -- you've heard the term "the casting couch." And now more people are starting to speak out about the alleged abuse, including male actors, Terry Cruz said he was groped by a Hollywood executive. James Van Der Beek is now saying, quote, "Older powerful men" in Hollywood appropriately touched him.
Earlier in the week, I said that Harvey Weinstein, this scandal is just opening Pandora's Box and it's going to expose what liberal hypocritical Hollywood is really all about. We are beginning to see this come true. Hollywood A-lister Ben Affleck, he is now facing scrutiny over his actions. Why? After Affleck -- he put out a statement saying that he was sick over allegations about Harvey Weinstein. It was then pointed out on Twitter that Ben Affleck once groped an actress by the name of Hilarie Burton on MTV's "Total Request Live." Back in 2003, here is a video from a documentary showing exactly what happened.
Oh now, Affleck, now that he's been called out, he came out with a statement apologizing for his actions.
Oh, and then there's Mr. Political himself, Jimmy Kimmel. Now the website Mediate actually called out the late-night host for how he has been covering the Weinstein scandal. Take a look at this headline.
"Hey Jimmy Kimmel, where is your emotional monologue on sexual harassment in Hollywood?" An excellent question and excellent point. Now Kimmel was very quick to attack President Trump and Republicans -- quick to, you know, shed a tear about topics that he cares about. But for some reason, Kimmel has been so quiet about Weinstein. Where are Kimmel's tears for Weinstein's victims?
Earlier this week, a video emerged of Kimmel from back in 2002 when he co-hosted the "Man Show." We must warn you, this clip is pretty graphic. Take a look.
And it gets worse and the girl turns out to be 18.
There is also this stunning moment from former Hollywood star Ed Asner on MSNBC -- oh, the great news network they are asking the anchor to give him a kiss. This was from just this week. Watch this.
What a pompous jackass. Now, to most of us, this is beyond offensive. However, as we've been saying, what's being uncovered about Harvey Weinstein looks to be part of a much larger problem plaguing Hollywood and Washington.
Let me give you another example. Director Roman Polanski, remember, he is the guy who was accused of raping a 13-year-old back in 1977, even apologized years and years later. What did he do? He gave the 13-year-old champagne and Quaaludes. At the time he was 43. The girl is 13. He was eventually charged with six felony counts but fled to Europe before being sentenced. Now you would think a 13-year-old after that, Hollywood would completely disown him, renounce him, absolutely be horrified by it. That never happened.
In fact, back in 2003, Polanski, he won an Oscar for best director and the celebrity-filled audience erupted in applause, they couldn't get enough of it. Even though Polanski could not attend because he was avoiding authorities overseas because if he came back to America, he would be charged with raping a 13-year-old girl.
And in 2009 after Polanski was arrested in Switzerland, guess what? -- that was over the 1977 case -- over 100 celebrities signed a petition demanding Polanski's release. So, while the rest of America really is shocked by the Weinstein scandal, we should not be at all surprised about what's really going on in Hollywood. It's been happening for years.
Here with reaction from the Make America Great Again coalition, chief strategist, former deputy assistant to the President, Sebastian Gorka. And Fox News correspondent-at-large, Geraldo Rivera. Sebastian, look at this reaction just to Roman Polanski alone. What does that tell us?
Well said. And Hillary, give the money back. You took from all these countries that abused women, kill gays and lesbians, and persecute Christians and Jews. I think this -- the Kimmel thing was pretty disgusting. You know, mystery honest high horse lately. Okay. I want to play for you Roman Polanski getting the Oscar. He gave a 13 -- he is in his 40s. He gave a 13-year-old girl booze and Quaaludes, Gerald. Rapes her. Brutally rapes this girl. And watch Hollywood, if this doesn't show what a sewer Hollywood is and a phony hypocrites they are supporting every Democrat they support. Watch this.
Polanski is a pig. They are standing and cheering a child rapist.
You know "The Casting Couch" is true.
All right. And let me stay on Geraldo's point. All the coverage, "The New York Times" and NBC and CNN over any allegation at the FOX News Channel, Dr. Gorka or anywhere else, or any conservative or any pastor or minister -- they seem to love when ministers fail. They want to be perfect. They're not perfect. We are not perfect. But Hollywood knew.
Everybody knew for decades about this guy. NBC News spiked the story, as did "The New York Times," as sanctimonious as they are, Dr. Gorka. And then they are going to lecture about words, locker room talk? Allegations that aren't proven? And this guy is admitting he's a pig.
How many people could have not been victims? Wait a minute. All right. Go ahead, Mr. Contrarian.
Right.
Especially the rich and successful powerful Hollywood women.
Is he going to go to jail maybe?
Are you going to move back to our town?
We miss you. All right. Thank you for being here. Dr. Gorka, always a pleasure. Thank you.
When we come back, Kellyanne Conway's going to be with us and guess what, what will she say about Hillary taking all that money from Weinstein? And all these countries that practice Sharia. Kellyanne is next.
And welcome back to "Hannity." Joining us now with more reaction to the Harvey Weinstein scandal and Hillary Clinton's hypocrisy, counselor to the President, Kellyanne Conway. You know, Kellyanne, I watched these Hollywood phony hypocrites go after you. And go after the first daughter. And go after the First Lady of the United States.
Oh, Melania wore high heels to representing the country. On her way to help serve people in Texas. And I am watching how they've treated women. And then you see the Hillary aspect of this in the donations from Weinstein and the money from countries that practice Sharia. Is this now just the beginning of a real dialogue? The issues we've been pointing out for a long time?
Basically if you have the right political positions, Hollywood would forgive all of Bill Clinton's atrocious examples of abusing women. Monica, maybe. But not Kathleen or Gennifer flowers. But she was trashed for telling the truth. We will also forget Roman Polanski because he is such an artist. We will forget that Hillary took all those money from all these countries. They bought her silence because she never criticized the countries that donated so many millions of dollars to the Clinton foundation, that abused women the way they do. And persecuted gays and lesbians and Christensen and Jews. Isn't that really the truth here? Isn't that the biggest hypocrisy?
That'll be attack next.
Last night before the President arrived for the interview, I can't let you go without an important political question -- I went through the crowd. You might argue this is a pro-President crowd because they were there to see him, I asked about the President. They love the president and I asked about the Republicans in congress. I assume a lot of them were Republican and about the media. Watch this reaction, from the people that were in Harrisburg last night.
The canary in the coal mine.
How is the Congress doing?
Congress needs to get on board and realized cut Donald Trump, love him or hate him, he is what America picks. So the Republican have the house and the senate. You are angry at them?
Congress?
Fake news, fake news, do you agree with that?
How bad is the media?
Who is the worst?
It's fascinating. The public gets it. Congress isn't doing their job. Will we get the tax bill done, Kelly Anne? Because if they don't, they really do need to go.
They are liars. They do lie with regularity. Kellyanne, great to see you.
It is like their drug addicts. They are addicted to lies and conspiracy theories.
They see clearly now.
Kellyanne, good to see you.
All right, when we come back, some NFL players warning - they are going to keep this anthem controversy going even after what Roger Goodell said? We will tell you exactly what's going on and we will check in with Sheriff David Clarke and a much more straight ahead.
That was the President last night on this program explaining how the NFL should have handled the national anthem controversy before it spiraled out of control. Now one NFL player is saying requiring players to stand for the national anthem could lead to an "messier situation" really? Here with reaction, America first action spokesperson and senior advisor, former Milwaukee county sheriff, sheriff David Clarke. Civil Right Attorney Daryl Parks. Daryl they want to continue to lose revenue. Ratings, sponsors, and piss everybody off by not respecting the men and women that fought, bled, and died for their rights to play football and get paid a lot of money? They are making self-destruct. I'm telling you right now, if they keep it up, the NFL, it's going to have that result and more. So have at it. That is my attitude. I am a Saturday football guy until this gets fixed.
People died fighting under that flag. Let's cut the crap and let us be honest to the American people. They bled and died fighting under that flag. That flag and that anthem deserve respect. And the NFL players doing this are not respecting those that fought for them.
I am pro-progress.
You know what? I might actually believe insincerity, Sheriff, not far from you there's a city called Chicago and it is Obama's adopted home town and 3900 people died when he was President. He only mentioned it but a few times. 18,000 shootings over the last six years of Obama's presidency. I'm not completely inspired. There was a cause that everyone should have jumped on. We scrolled the names of those people. No one has ever heard of those names. Michael Brown and Freddy Gray and Trayvon Martin and the Cambridge police.
you know what, you make such a great point. Daryl, I will give you the last word. The Dallas cowboys weren't able to honor the slain officers in Dallas. And put on their cleats, 9/11/01, never forget. That a violation of freedom of speech? No one seemed to give a rip about that. This isn't a first amendment issue, is it? It's not about the oppression of Jerry Jones and the cowboys. This is about rules. Is about simple fundamental understanding of respect for the men and women that give us our freedoms. It's that simple to me.
The NFL -- why what the NFL let them honor slain officers? Why?
They died in their City.
We will see how it works out.
I am in, Sheriff Clarke is in. If you want to do anything for any city? Let us start in Chicago to bring safety and security to the good men and women and children under fire every night. I will donate money. Whatever you want. I will match money with the NFL.
Fight for the rights to honor the 9/11 victims. Worst terrorist attack. Don't be a bunch of phony hypocrites with a bunch of double standards.
Oh, really, Jimmy? Let's go back in the video archives. Mr. Political activist Tomi Lahren and Leslie Marshall, next.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Jimmy Kimmel is now facing a lot of criticism over a 2002 video that surfaced when he cohosted "The Man Show." We got to warn you, this video is quite graphic.
Jimmy says you may want to kiss it. One girl he did it too was 18 years old. Here to talk about this, Fox News contributor Tomi Lahren and Leslie Marshall. Tomi, I will start with you. They're such hypocrisy here. Hillary, money from Sharia countries, all the money Weinstein gave to liberals. Liberals ignoring the Clintons, as long as they have the right politics, they will ignore all of Bill's sins of groping, fondling, touching, kissing and in the case of one woman, we know what she said. There's such hypocrisy from them.
I want Hillary, Leslie to give back the money that she took from Saudi Arabia and all these countries that oppress women and kill gays and lesbians and persecute Christians and Jews, will you join me in calling for her to give back the money that she took from those countries that bought her silence.
You didn't answer my question. I can hear it already.
Blood money.
Would you take money from a country that tells women how to dress, women that can't travel abroad? That kills gays and lesbians and you can't build a temple or a church? Would you take money from those people?
That is right, yes or no.
Really? I almost sound like the liberals, Tomi. I'm standing up for women. They are killing innocent people because of their sexual orientation. And they are persecuting people for religious reasons. I am saying that is blood money. Hillary, give it back. Where does Tomi Lahren stand?
I can't believe you won't say that they should give back the money Leslie. I will give you one last chance to redeem yourself, Leslie.
Is she a hypocrite?
Elizabeth, I'm coming home. Beat me up, Scotty. More "Hannity" after this. Thank you, both.
Welcome back to "Hannity." two years ago, I knew Hollywood was predictably boring. Their movies are formulaic. They had a contempt for conservative Christian values. You know what? We decided to do a movie, it just so happens that at this time, it's going to be in theaters October 27th. It's called "Let there be light." you can take your whole family to it. It highlights one man's journey. Something in your entire family can enjoy. Take preview.
It opens in theaters October 27th. This will not insult your intelligence or values. I hope you will think about watching it. Hannity.com, theaters near you. This show will always be fair and balance. We are not the mainstream media, Kilmeade is next. See you back here tomorrow.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 167  ***************************************************
 If they knew how we knew what we knew -- wow. Pretty interesting. Now, Dr. Farkas, she was admitting there what? Surveillance took place of the Trump transition team, that there was unmasking of names, that there was also talk about leaking the information, which, of course, would be a felony.
Now, Farkas then walked back those comments the day after we played them right here on this show, but the tape does not lie.
But that's not all. Earlier today, Breitbart News, they unearthed a video from October 2016. Here's Dr. Farkas, where she even predicted the impeachment of Trump if he was elected! How would she possibly think this? Watch this.
Oh, what intelligence did she have to back that up?
Now, yesterday, we had multiple reports that revealed that Obama's national security adviser Susan Rice, she was requesting that members of the Trump transition team, their names be unmasked in raw intelligence reports. Now, today, during an interview, she denied those claims. Shocking. Watch this.
All right, so that's today. But wait a second, just two weeks ago, Susan Rice was on PBS and she said she, quote, "knew nothing about" any kind of unmasking. So what is it? Watch this.
Ah, today she knows everything, but two weeks ago, "I don't know anything about this." That sounds like a lie to me. Now, shockingly, Andrea Mitchell, she didn't ask Susan Rice about that complete and total reversal. In other words, lie.
But now that she is caught, of course, Susan Rice is changing her tune. Now, remember, Susan Rice has a history of this. She flat-out lied to the faces of the American people about the issue of the Benghazi terror attack. Remember? She went on five different Sunday shows. This was 2012. You may remember.
Now, this about this. A history of lying, a complete 180 in just two short weeks. Well, now some on Capitol Hill, they're trying to get the truth of what actually happened with the surveillance of Donald Trump and his team.
For example, Senator Rand Paul -- he will join us later -- he wants Susan Rice to testify before Congress and under oath. But Rice, well, when asked about this today, she's not exactly jumping at the request. What a shock. Take a look.
All right, she's clearly dodging. But more congressmen now on the Hill are calling for her to testify. By the way, it needs to be under oath.
And later tonight, we're going to expose how the alt-left destroy Trump media is doing everything in their power to bury this incredible story.
Now, since the moment the surveillance scandal has been unmasked, the media had tried to change the subject, destroy anybody and everyone connected to it. And that's exactly what they tried to do to Congressman Devin Nunes. And even, by the way, Adam Schiff, the Democratic ranking member on the Intel Committee, has seen the same surveillance. And guess what? All of a sudden, his grandstanding, it all stopped.
In fact, listen to what he said this weekend when asked about if there was a connection between President Trump and Russia.
Yes, for the past eight months, we're at the early stages of the investigation. With the help with the alt-left propaganda destroy Trump media, they've been trying everything they can do to find proof that President Trump and his campaign was colluding with Russia. Yet there's no evidence after eight long months!
Now, the big question is this: Did President Obama and his administration knowingly surveil on either an incoming president or an opposition party candidate? Americans tonight are demanding answers to those questions, and we here on "Hannity" will demand it as well until we get them.
Joining us now, from the American Center for Law and Justice, Jay Sekulow, the host of "Justice with Judge Jeanine Pirro," and of course, the host of the brand-new show "You Are the Jury" on FOX, Judge Jeanine Pirro.
All right, so I'm trying to lay the history out here. Give me any scenario under which Susan Rice, national security adviser, would specifically request raw intelligence unmasking -- let's say the intelligence was legitimate against Russia, China, Iran, doesn't matter. OK, but Americans incidentally are caught up in a call. There's no warrant to listen to them. It's supposed to be minimized. And their names are never supposed to be revealed.
So why is she unmasking those names?
Thank you.
Like her.
Look at the contradiction from two weeks ago!
Who did she share it with?
Jay?
She actually acknowledged it.
She admits the unmasking of Michael Flynn. She, you know, talked about it on a lot of the tape. Go ahead. Yes.
She admitted the pace of surveilling increased after the election.
And then -- but this is more interesting. She admits the unmasking of General Flynn took place, but she says it wasn't political.
The bottom line here is, under the guise of national security, if they're unmasking only the conversations with Trump or Trump transition team members or then candidate Trump's team, that was specifically designed for political purposes having nothing to do with national security! Jay?
If you listen to -- and you've done a great job of laying this out. Dr. Farkas, who, by the way, also should be getting a criminal defense lawyer right away -- what she said was in essence very clearly -- she said it. We wanted to get this information out. She's talking to former colleagues. How is she getting that information?
All right, I'm going to say one last thing. For anybody to see this information, you got to know they have to go in a very secure area.
And every single search they made is monitored, which means there is a fingerprint left behind on everything that was unmasked!
Yes, that's a good point.
Absolutely. All right, guys, thank you both.
Coming up, more on tonight's big story, the surveillance, the spying on the Trump campaign. We'll get reaction from Laura Ingraham. That's next.
Also, later, there you have the alt left destroy Trump media -- well, they are distorting these explosive reports, covering for the Obama administration and covering for Susan Rice. We'll get reaction tonight from Rick Grenell and Sharyl Attkisson.
And then later, Senator Rand Paul, who wants to put Susan Rice under oath, will be here also.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So there are still many questions that need to be answered about the surveillance of President Trump, candidate Trump, and of course, his transition team. Now, the big question is this. Did a sitting president and his administration knowingly surveil an opposition party or a president-elect?
Joining us now with reaction, editor-in-chief of Lifezette, Fox News contributor, national syndicated radio talk show star -- Laura Ingraham is back.
You know, could you imagine the media, by the way, ignoring this story if it was Trump as president and his team surveilling Obama coming into office, What the media reaction would be? That's point one.
All right, can you think of -- let me ask this question. Is there any scenario that you can think of -- I'm asking you to put your legal hat on for a minute -- whereby Susan Rice would ever need to unmask a Trump transition team member or either candidate Trump or President-elect Trump, any scenario that you could, in your wildest imagination, imagine that that could happen?
... even deeper, though...
... because my understanding and the intelligence sources that I have tell me that for you to even view this raw intelligence information, number one, it has to be in a secure area. Number two, you have to sign in. Number three, there's a record of every single thing you looked at. Now --
All right, so was there really a spreadsheet? There will be a record of every single time she ever asked to unmask anybody in raw intelligence. Correct?
So if she only did it in the case of Trump, wouldn't that basically be case closed? You're only doing it for political reasons?
No way.
Do you get the sense that this was orchestrated sabotage of either a candidate, an opposition party candidate, and a president-elect? And then we'll come on the other side and get more detail.
Right.
Well, she did admit the unmasking of Michael Flynn, but she said not for political purposes. OK, then why?
They didn't leak it, either. Somebody did.
And that's a felony.
All right, more with Laura Ingraham. We continue our investigation here.
And later tonight, all right, let's look at the media. The destroy Trump media's doing everything in their power to put their liberal spin on these reports about Susan Rice, or just not cover it at all. We'll get information from Sharyl Attkisson, formerly of CBS News, and Rick Grenell.
Also, Kentucky senator Rand Paul wants to put Susan Rice under oath. He'll explain why as we continue.
All right, as we continue with Laura Ingraham -- here's, in my mind, where this is going, that we have incidental intelligence supposedly, but really, they were using national security as a ruse to really get to Trump surveillance, in other words, that there was an orchestrated effort to surveil candidate Trump and President-elect Trump and his transition team and unmask them, and in the case of General Flynn, leak the intelligence. Is there any other plausible theory, hypothesis you have short of that?
But standard operating procedure according to every single intel source I have would require that if it was incidental that minimization occur, that they don't reveal the name of the American. They don't unmask the American. And certainly you don't leak the name, leak the intelligence, which, by the way, is raw intelligence, otherwise you are violating any sense of privacy. And you used the term very early on. That would make America a policed state. Correct?
Laura, two weeks ago she had no idea any of this happened.
Nothing. No knowledge, I don't even know what you're talking about. Just like Evelyn Farkas. It's very interesting to watch everybody walk things back isn't it?
I know nothing, right, exactly. Thanks, Laura. You're aging us, by the way.
Coming up, the alt-left propaganda, destroy-Trump media is putting their liberal spin on these explosive reports about Susan Rice, doing their best to defend her. We'll get reaction. Ric Grenell, Sharyl Attkisson are here. And Kentucky Senator Rand Paul wants Susan Rice to testify under oath. He'll tell us why, coming up.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So the alt-left, propaganda, destroy-Donald Trump media, they're doing their best to cover up and distort the news that former Obama national security adviser Susan Rice was unmasking the names of Trump officials who shouldn't have been surveilled.
Let me give you an example. CNN last night, Don Lemon, began the show defending Susan Rice. Pretty inexplicable. Take a look.
Hey, Don, there's no evidence of collusion between the Russians and the Trump campaign, and you guys have been harping on that conspiracy for eight months.
Now, ABC and NBC, they didn't even mention this explosive story last night in their evening news programs. CBS News did address the reports, but they were defending Rice. Watch this.
She probably talked to Rice's mom. Anyway, how else do you get that report?
Here with reaction, the author of the upcoming book "The Smear, How Shady Political Operatives and Fake News Control What You See, What You Think, and How You Vote," Sharyl Attkisson, and former spokesman for the U.S. ambassador to the U.N. Ric Grenell is with us.
All right, Sharyl, so for eight months the news media, the same people that we know colluded with the Clinton campaign during the election, the same people that never vetted Obama, they have been running wild with a Russia, Trump campaign conspiracy story. There's no evidence to date that I have seen. If you have seen it, share it with us.
Imagine if this was Donald Trump and he's leaving office and in the process of him leaving office, Donald Trump sets in motion a way to surveil the incoming president or then candidate of the opposition party. Do you think the news media would be treating it the same as they're doing it now?
Now we do know certain things at this point, Sharyl. We know that surveillance in fact did take place. Incidental, perhaps, whatever, but surveillance did take place. Now she didn't even deny in the interviews today, although two weeks ago, Susan Rice, the media seems to have amnesia. She said she didn't know anything about this. She revealed in this interview today that in fact she did know, and in fact unmasking of Trump officials did take place. But she defended it and said I didn't leak the information. Just because she says so doesn't make it true. After all, she did spread a lie about Benghazi on five separate morning showing, did she not?
Ric, I think Sharyl is referring to our own James Rosen. I think she's referring to what happened with Tea Party groups and the IRS. And we have an admission. Why would she specifically seek out raw intelligence of -- whether or not it was legal surveillance, incidental pickups of Trump and his transition team or his campaign, and why would she want an unmasking of those individuals for what possible reason, other than being political?
Wouldn't that be a felony at that point?
To get to this raw intelligence, there is a record every time you go into a secure area. There would be a record of every single thing that she was looking for and saw. Correct?
Basically, Sharyl, I'll give you the last word, we're talking about spying on an incoming president under the guise of national intelligence. That, to me, I can't think of any possible scenario why this information would have been unmasked or revealed. I just can't, except for political purposes.
I remember that, too. All right, I think this is going to grow and grow and there is going to be smoking guns coming. That's my guess. Good to see you both, thank you.
When we come back, Senator Rand Paul. He wants Susan Rice to be called in front of Congress to testify under oath. And Rice, by the way, was earlier asked about it. She dodged the question. We'll show her answer. We'll get reaction from the Kentucky senator straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So yesterday, in the wake of the reports that Obama's former national security adviser, Susan Rice, unmasked the names of Trump transition team members, Senator Rand Paul said that Rice should testify under oath before Congress. Today Susan Rice was asked about this during her interview of course on the ever so loving MSNBC. Take a look.
Here with reaction Kentucky Senator Rand Paul. Senator, so that was a nice pivot on her part to talk about Russia. We've had eight months of conspiracies, no evidence at all. But she contradicted, as we pointed out earlier in the show tonight, what she said two weeks ago, "I don't know anything about this." And she's unmasking the identities of Americans caught up in incidental intelligence gathering and unmasking who these people are.
I agree with you. And more and more I'm getting convinced based on the evidence that's coming out that they used the ruse of this is legitimate intelligence gathering, but it seems that real intelligence gathering was spying on Trump and spying on then candidate Trump, and then spying on Trump, the president-elect Trump. And it went on for a long time.
I really agree. Because the issue of privacy, then America becomes a police state. Let's be honest here. If private confidential information is being revealed and unmasked and then leaked, then there is no such thing as privacy.
All right, so you met with the president, you played golf with him this weekend. And from my secret sources, you guys actually had a meeting of minds on a lot of issues involving health care. And by all accounts, it seems like those negotiations are continuing in the House and then obviously move to the Senate. How do you feel about the chances of getting to the repeal, replace position that you want to be in?
You and I agree on that. I think they were unfairly maligned. And from what I understand there seems to be a middle ground and a needle that's being thread. And I'm hoping we get there. Senator, good to see you. Thanks for being with us.
Up next, we need your help. A very important "Question of the Day." It has to do with Susan Rice. We want you to weigh in. That's next.
Time for our "Question of the Day," and it's simple. Should Susan Rice finally be called her testify in front of Congress? Why was she unmasking people? She says it's not political. I don't buy it. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
All right, hit me with your best shot. These are the messages on the love Hannity hotline you left me. Let's see what you've got to say.
I'm not rude. I'm a nice person. I promise. Anyway, have something you want to say, good, bad, complaint, nice, mean, doesn't matter, call the number on your screen, 877-225-8587.
That's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thanks for being with us. See you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 168  ***************************************************
 Pretty disgraceful and former Obama CIA Director John Brennan, more deep state. Well, he has made this shocking admission when testifying before Congress. Watch him.
So, what Brennan did was do everything within his power to make sure that the FBI and the deep state were going after Trump and his campaign.
Now, after hearing statements like that, should we really be at all surprised that at the beginning of the Trump administration, remember, we had 125 deep state leaks in 126 states? Imagine this. When has it ever happened that a conversation with a sitting president and prime minister or president of another country was ever leaked? I can't think of a time.
And we can't forget that right before he left office, President Obama -- remember, we talked about this -- he signed executive order one, two, triple three, which made it easier to share intelligence so everybody across the government agencies had access. Why did he do it? Why didn't he do it during his term?
Now, there is also widespread unmasking of American citizens, including Trump associates. And at one point during the end of the Obama administration, former U.N. ambassador, remember Samantha Power? Why would she be unmasking people caught up incidentally in surveillance at the rate of one American a day? And then we have Ben Rhodes, former Obama deputy national security adviser, remember, talking about the Attorney Rhee? Remember him? He was a person of interest in the unmasking scandal.
So it appears what the Obama administration was, in fact, deliberate by unleashing this deep state power to strike against the incoming president before he even took office. And take a look at how former Ambassador John Bolton tonight is describing this mess that is going on in this country tonight.
You have to listen. This is not a game. What is happening in this country is dangerous and it needs to be stopped before the deep state can overthrow the president that you, the American people, voted for. A duly elected president. We will have more on that in a minute.
But first, also tonight, we have scandals continuing to engulf the Democratic Party all across the spectrum. Senator Al Franken, "Senator Groper," the one-time darling of the left, he is in deep political turmoil tonight. Two more women are now accusing that senator of misconduct, including a former Congressional aide who alleges that Franken tried to forcibly kiss her in 2006 after taping a radio show.
Now, according to her accounts she rebuff the kiss and Franken allegedly responded by telling her, quote, "Well, it's my right as an entertainer." And Franken has categorically denied that allegation." Now the second new claim of misconduct comes from a woman who says that Franken groped her at an election party in 2008. Now, she described what happened writing quote, "I don't let my husband touch me like that in public."
And today dozens of Democratic senators said it's time for Franken to resign. Franken apparently will make a statement tomorrow and there were reports earlier tonight that he would step down. But Franken's office is disputing that claim and they are now saying no final decision has been made and that Franken is consulting with his family.
And just yesterday, Democratic Congressman John Conyers, he announced, he would not seek re-election. He retired after his own sexual misconduct scandals. By the way for the record in terms of being fair and balanced, I never called for Conyers to resign as I have said many times everyone deserves due process, even somebody that I have deep political disagreements with. He denied the charges in his case.
Senator Franken, different story. He is an admitted groper and there is photographic evidence of that misconduct. We have also seen that picture. I've known Leanne Tweeden for years -- Franken groping radio talk show host Leanne Tweeden on a USO Tour. And by the way, only now we're seeing, after the 8th person has come forward a flood of Democratic senators are calling on Franken to resign.
So don't be fooled by any of this. This Democratic decision today obviously was coordinated and to turn on Franken, it's purely political. If they were really -- all these Democrats, the great champions of women's rights that they claim, why didn't they call for Franken's resignation after the picture? And why did they wait until eight women had to come forward with similar claims and he admitted a lot of it? And after decades of defending sexual predators, oh, Bill Clinton for 30 years, the Democrats were to believe now, finally, are actually credible on this issue? Or they really playing a political price and political game. Is this not about political expediency and not principle in play?
Joining us now, Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi and FOX News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett. Let me start with John Solomon who will join us in a minute. Let's start with all of these revelations.
Rhee, and Peter Strzok and all of these figures. Hillary Clinton supporters, Trump haters.
By the way, this is not a game. This is not hyperbole you are using here.
And if it can happen to him, Gregg.
All right. Let me go back to Gregg.
We proved it.
Flynn was.
Illegally.
Pam, go ahead.
Yes. By the way, tell us what we want to hear or, well, we may have to go after your son.
This is the biggest corruption we have ever seen in terms of our justice system I believe in our lifetime.
Thank you both. I appreciate it. Great work both of you.
When we come back, we're going to talk to two Republican lawmakers. They are rightly demanding tonight an investigation be launched into the FBI and their special treatment of Hillary Clinton. And politicizing the Justice Department and justice in America. Speaking of Hillary, does she really think Al Franken should resign? We have asked her. And more, later in the show. Stay with us.
This is a Fox News alert, massive wildfires are raging tonight in Southern California, destroying homes, shutting down highways and forcing almost 200,000 people tonight to evacuate. You are seeing live pictures right now.
And also tonight, well, today a group of GOP lawmakers, they held a press conference to call out the blatant double standard within the FBI. The obvious conflicts of interest within the Mueller team. Take a look.
Here now live from Washington with much more are Freedom Caucus members. Chairman, Congressman Mark Meadows, North Carolina, Florida Congressman Matt Gaetz is with us.
Congressman Meadows, let me begin with you. And I mean, there is so much to get into. Yes, great point. It was a Hillary Clinton bought and paid for. Hillary controlled DNC bought and paid for propaganda dossier. But did they use that as a reason to get a warrant to surveil against people in either the Trump campaign or the President-elect?
Negligent to extreme carelessness.
Right.
I talked, Congressman Gaetz about our weaponization of our powerful tools of intelligence. We are now looking at special counsel that has Comey and Strzok and Paige and Weissmann and all these Democratic donors. And a lot of Trump haters and Hillary lovers, this guy Strzok is tied to everything. Your thoughts? What do we need to do?
Don't we have to consider the fix was in Mark Meadows. Don't we have to have a fair, if we are going to have equal justice under the law?
It's exactly what they say they don't like about Trump that they can't prove for a year. Last thing, what do we do? I don't even know what to do about Robert Mueller, Congressman Gaetz, last word.
Is this the worst you have ever seen it?
Thank you both. I totally completely wholeheartedly agree. I'm told it's being done. There is no evidence of it, where is it? Where's the beef at this point? At this point. One year no evidence on Trump. These are real crimes. This is real corruption. All right. Thank you both for being with us. By the way those wildfires our thoughts and prayers with people in the Ventura county. I lived in the adjacent Santa Barbara County when I was living in California for five years. This is way beyond the pale. Look at that fire. It is scary. Also coming up tonight, does Hillary Clinton think Al Franken should resign? We asked her earlier today, more on that and straight ahead.
All right. So as we mentioned earlier in the show, an avalanche of Democrats today led by Senator Kirsten Gillibrand have called on "Senator Grope" himself Al Franken to resign after new disturbing allegations of sexual misconduct came out against him today. But one person who has been silent about Al Franken today is none other than the fake champion of women's rights Hillary Clinton. Now, of course, she initially defended Franken when the first accusations against him surfaced, because, quote, he apologized. So Hillary Clinton where are you now? Do you agree with your fellow Democrats? Do you think Al Franken should now step down? And we reached out to Clinton spokesman for a comment, shockingly we have not heard back. I guess they lost my number. Joining me now with reaction former Clinton pollster and Fox News contributor Doug Schoen, conservative columnist Monica Crowley and trial attorney Rebecca Rose Woodland. I am making the case here, 30 years defending the predator Bill Clinton, and, you know, her money that she took from all these countries that abused women, kill gays and lesbians, and persecute Christians and Jews. This is not out of principle this is political expediency. All of a sudden the flood today, it was clearly orchestrated by the Democrats. There is a political strategy behind it. Do you agree with that?
Wrong answer.
They turned on him because they have no choice.
They want to say oh, let's go after the Republicans.
That is a 30 years of Clinton.
Was he? We know he was.
Probably be the better good out of this.
And that is the people treated with the respect they deserve, Monica.
Is it believable after 30 years of defending.
Apparently the Clinton team was warned about him back in 2008 by Tina Brown and Ileana Dunham this past year.
Do you know why I can't take this seriously, because the Clinton machine and the predatory behavior of Bill was defended last year during an election year?
Now all of a sudden Hillary is no threat to becoming empowered. They don't need to kiss their --
Now they are being a little more honest, because it's political expediency, right or wrong?
It's not out of principle.
Repeat that again. They will run Michelle Obama for President.
I don't even disagree with that point. I think you are right. Doug?
The TMZ story on his son, is that true?
Where is the outrage over what team Mueller and his merry band of Clinton-loving, Trump-hating, you know, corrupt. I have never seen this level of corruption in my life. And to hear nothing but crickets from most of the media, and the Democratic Party, this is chilling. Because this is the constitution. Literally being stomped on and shredded before our eyes and few people seem to want to deal with it?
I would like to say we are one of very few. We are it.
Scary.
This is banana republic police state stuff that we are talking about.
Comey exonerated her didn't do the investigation that is called obstruction of justice, where I live.
The fix was in, Doug.
Sad, we got to break. Thank you all.
When we comeback President Trump decision. This is historic today. Mark my words, moving the Israeli embassy to Jerusalem after so many people, Presidents said they would do it, it is now tonight driving radical Islam as crazy. They are talking about a day of rage. We will talk to Israel's Ambassador to the U.S. Ron Dermer, coming up straight ahead.
President Trump earlier today, this is a huge historical day recognizing Jerusalem as the true capital of Israel, which it is. It is so refreshing. We have an American President actually keeping a campaign promise. Not everyone is happy with the President's decision. Hamas calling for quote a day of rage on Friday. Here with reaction to this historic and right announcement Israel's ambassador to the United States Ron Dermer. So many promise, so few delivered, this is the capital of the great state of Israel, one of our closest allies.
This will go down in history also. I, for the life of me, don't understand how others have been so hostile to this little country. Ron, I have been with you in Israel. It's the size of New Jersey. And the hostility and the tensions and surrounded by enemies going back to, you know, the U.N. partition plan to '67 to '73 to modern day. Hamas, a day of rage? That is an average day in the neighborhood, because they have committed themselves in their charter for the destruction of Israel.
We're almost running out of time. There is unique, because of the threat of hegemony in the region there is unprecedented alliance emerging and that is, Israel, United Arab Emirates, Jordan, Egypt, the Saudis, how closely now are we to a chance of an alliance nobody dreamed of before?
All right. Ambassador, this is historic day. The right thing to do. Thank you for being with us. When we come back more on the wildfires in Southern California.
As we mentioned at the top of the show devastating wildfires continue to sweep all across southern California, Ventura County. I live just, what, 30 minutes from there in Santa Barbara earlier my life and career. On the ground with the latest, Fox News senior correspondent, our friend Adam Housley. Adam it looks devastating. So many evacuated tonight. I hope they're all safe.
I expected tonight saying Santa Ana with huge winds spread the fire, I know it's devastating for many of you to lose your property you worked your whole life for. Please put your safety first. Adam, thank you. All right. That is all the time we have left this evening. We will always be fair and balanced. Let not your heart be troubled. The news continues, Lauren Ingraham is next. Laura.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 169  ***************************************************
 That frenzy display was two days ago from the media. White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders slapped down the press for attacking the president. Good for her. Let's watch this.
Understand, 48 hours ago your media was losing their minds and predicting oh, potential nuclear fallout. That was, of course, until Steve Bannon's comments about the president surfaced. Then the narrative magically shifts away and changes and the world is going to end at any minute and then they find a new best friend. That's right, oh, let's see, a guy they have hated forever. They have uncontrollable glee that Steve Bannon, a guy that they hate, said something about the president. It just shows you how pathetic all of these people are.
Now, look at how breathlessly they are covering the Bannon story. Did they ever tell you a single thing about the economy that's good? Anything that Trump has done good -- if the dog bites, the bee stings, if you are feeling sad, in the media's world it's all Donald Trump's fault. Watch this.
This is how bad it is. Look at the graphic from CNN "fake news" Jake Tapper, and the one he used earlier today to talk about the new Michael Wolff book. Mental fitness -- really? Now in a way I feel sorry for "fake news" Jake. He has to take his marching orders from his Trump- hating soon to be scandaled plagued boss Jeff Zucker who is best friends with Matt Lauer. The media could barely control themselves over the Bannon story and you can bet they will drag this our as long as possible until the next crisis they create comes along.
And if it's nuclear war coming, two days later they'll forget about it. Here is the thing when it comes to the media in this country. Their biased abusive attacks against this president are unprecedented. But you know what, in a way, they have always shown their liberal bias. The media has been an extension of the Democratic party for decades.
Here's the proof. They have a long history of breathless, hysterical reporting but only when conservatives or Republicans are occupying the White House. The media has also bent over backwards to praise the presidents they so love adore and worship like Bill Clinton and Barack Obama, people that appease murdering dictators and despots.
Now, let's start with President Ronald Reagan, this is where our history lesson begins tonight, back in 1984. You might remember, it was a microphone check. He was doing a weekly radio address, "Oh, he is going to destroy Russia with nukes." He was joking, keep in mind this was never in the actual real speech. Listen to this.
Okay, of course the audio was released. The media tried to make it into a huge massive international crisis even though it was a joke. Take a look, back then, how NBC News reacted.
And look at this headline from the New York Times: Reagan's gaffe. And it only gets worse from there. The media couldn't stand the fact Ronald Reagan ended up by being strong, defeating the Soviet Union and he didn't fire a single shot. And that started when Ronald Reagan called the communist regime what it really was, an evil empire. Take a look.
He didn't give them billions of dollars. President Reagan was confronting evil in his time. But then, it was way too much for the media, the liberal media to handle since they prefer the policies of let's see bowing and kissing rings and appeasement. Here's a quote from the New York Times describing Reagan's speech, quote: "In the long run, however, the greater danger lies in Mr. Reagan's vision of the super power relationship as good versus evil and his near proclamation of holy war against evil empire."
Well, it turns out the so-called paper of record, just like the rest of the liberal media was completely wrong. If media followed the advice the Soviet Union, who knows might still be standing. Next remember George W. Bush, he labeled rightly so Iran, Iraq, and North Korea the axis of evil. You may remember this.
How do you describe in the last century alone, let's see, over 100 million human souls destroyed. Is that not evil?
Here are some of the headlines after George W. Bush's speech immediately thereafter. "Response to terror: Has Bush overstated North Korean threat?" "Allies hear sour note in 'axis of evil' chorus." And even years later the media is still attacking Bush's speech. Take a look at these examples from the Media Research Center.
The media eviscerated President Bush but he was right. Just take a look at Iran and North Korea today. Bush was able to see back then that they needed to be confronted head on. And as for the media, well, they can't stand the kind of tough and direct acknowledgment that America does have enemies, that there is evil in our time. Apparently they would rather their presidents bending down and kissing the rings and bowing and kissing the feet of murdering dictators.
Let's go back to the early 1990s, Bill Clinton sucked up groveling to Kim Jong Un's father Kim Jong Il and giving billions in energy subsidies allowing North Korea to keep their nuclear fuel rods, and then goes on TV and tells you, "This is a great deal for the American people." What a lie that was. Take a look.
Today we know his bribery or attempted bribery of dictatorship failed. Now, despite the obvious flaws, back then with the deal with North Korea, the media praised Bill Clinton's efforts. They loved him. Watch this.
I know you would think the media would learn from history, learn the lessons of history. But they didn't because they are all a bunch of brain dead sheep with an agenda. Back in 2015, just like President Clinton, we had President Obama proudly announcing a nuclear deal $150 billion to the mullahs of Iran threatening to blow us and wipe us off the face of the earth along with Israel. Watch this.
Total BS, total stupidity. And what Obama forgot to mention -- oh, he gave the radical mullahs that are saying and chanting "death to America" in Iran, he gave them 150 billion of your dollars, plane loads of cash and other currencies. And Tehran, they are still allowed to keep and spend their centrifuges, which puts them on the path towards building a nuclear weapon once the deal runs out just like North Korea.
The media, they didn't care about any of this. They were quick to heap praise on Obama, the peace-prize winner.
That's tonight's "Hannity" history lesson. It personifies your media in this country for who they are. They are afraid of strong leaders that dare to confront evil in our time. They are people that love capitulation and appeasement even though it fails every single time. If you really want to know how the media wants a president to behave on the world stage, then take a look at this picture. Take a look, right there. Oh, yes.
So what does our history lesson prove? The media has been and will continue to be mindless liberal, left wing, radical idealogues that no longer report the truth. They might only like President Trump if he sucked up to, what, radical Mullahs in Iran and kissed Kim Jong Un's ring and give them billions? Guess what? That's not something this president will do.
We have big breaking news tonight from The Hill's John Solomon. Our top story, the FBI has launched a new investigation into the Clinton Foundation. This is something we have been calling for on this show. We have Sebastian Gorka, Geraldo Rivera with Reaction. Stay with us. Busy night.
This is a Fox News Alert. It is not a good night for The Hill's John Solomon reporting tonight new investigation and the Clinton Foundation has been opened by the FBI. Now, according to the report investigators will be looking for any possible wrongdoing surrounding pay-to-play or other illegal activity while Hillary Clinton was serving as your Secretary of State.
Also tonight, The Daily Beast reporting, the DOJ is looking into Hillary Clinton's email server. John Solomon, Sara Carter will join news a minute. Here with Reaction to the shocking news as well as tonight's opening monologue is the former Deputy Assistant to the President, Fox News contributor, Sebastian Gorka, and Fox News correspondent at large apparently co-host to The Five now Geraldo Rivera. I have been watching you all week.
This is huge news. They are now looking into the Clinton Foundation and it's now confirmed. They are now are clearly also now looking into the email server scandal which we now know Comey basically rigged with Peter Strzok because they wrote an exoneration months before the investigation.
Were laws broken in your view as an attorney? Felonies?
If you set up a private server in a Mom and Pop shop, bathroom closet, you put secret, top secret classified special access and then you destroy it, delete it, bleach bit it, acid wash it -- come on.
Why would we ever give up 20 percent of America's Uranium? Robert Mueller knew the FBI had a spy inside of Putin's ring, bribery extortion, money laundering kickbacks, Sebastian and they still allowed CIFIUS to sign off 9-0 across the board and the money went back to the Clinton Foundation $150 million, huge amounts.
Lack of employment, seven-year low.
Whoa, whoa, what about equal justice?
Equal justice under the law? Sebastian?
Hold on a second.
It's not Donald Trump. He has no say in this. Why and I ask you this, why would Comey and Strzok, a Trump hater, be writing, hang on, exoneration months before they ever even interviewed the main people involved?
Next question
Wait a minute. Our own Bret Baier, 99 percent certainty, five foreign agencies had access to that. Next question, so, you are telling me it's not obstruction of justice. If I have subpoenaed e-mails, 33,000 I delete, hang on, then I acid wash and bleach bit the hard drive. And then just to make sure, I take the blackberries and I smash them with a hammer. You are not telling me that's not intentional obstruction of justice?
True or false?
You care about the law. You care about equal justice.
He is not going to do it.
Sure. Right. Dr. Gorka?
America's national security.
Foreign agents picked up on it, Geraldo.
Intelligence --
Oh, boy. All right, we're going to have to leave it there. Now, when we come back, we will go into tonight's huge breaking news. John Solomon who broke it is here exclusively with Sara Carter. That's next. Stay with us.
Our top story tonight, Fox News alert, the "Hill's" John Solomon out with a huge development as it relates to the FBI that is now launching a new investigation into the Clinton Foundation and whether the foundation engaged in any pay-to-play or other illegal activities while Hillary Clinton was the Secretary of State.
According to Solomon, FBI agents in Little Rock, Arkansas where the foundation was started have taken the lead in this investigation and have already interviewed at least one witness in the last month and additional activities are expected in coming weeks. A huge development tonight.
John Solomon joins us along with Fox News contributor and investigative reporter Sara Carter. You know, I have been saying, John, this is going to be the year of the boomerang. This is a massive development. Tell us what you have.
Sarah, let's go back to what you reported. I had my own confirmation November the 3rd. You had it before then that in fact the attorney general did not recuse himself as it relates to the uranium one scandal.
Is it going to be that long or how long do we think this has been going on? John or Sara, whoever may know?
And we now have the witness. We have Victoria Toensing's client and --
-- and he was able to infiltrate and discover that Putin's network was involved in all sorts of crime. Robert Mueller of all people knew all about it. CFIUS still went forward 18 months later knowing bribery, kick backs, extortion, money laundering had taken place. John, you are also reporting Comey's original Clinton memo released nine separate versions?
So he -- you are saying that Comey believed that Clinton's server in the mom and pop bathroom closet had been infiltrated with top secret, special access program, classified information and foreign agencies got a hold of it?
And why did he write the exoneration months before the investigation which is part of it. Let's go to the Daily Beast. Sarah, I'll ask you, the Department of Justice also reopened now. Now that we know that the exoneration which John is reporting about and the original copies now are out, now they are reporting Department of Justice also has opened that investigation into the server again and I agree with Dr. Gorka. It's about the rule of law. What do you know?
Christian Saucier --
-- he took the six pictures within the submarine, year in jail, away from his wife, kids, all of that happened. That is such a good analogy, isn't it?
I hope the president pardons him. I really hope the president pardons him especially if we have. OK, so, if the Justice Department is -- if we now are confirming all of this, John, and it's been going on a long period of time, they are not going to comment publicly on it, are they?
So only because of both of you and you both really deserve so much credit here because you really have been out on a limb and you have been proven right time after time while the rest of the media has ignored it. But if the Justice Department is doing this and they had all that foundation, I got to believe it's coming soon, John.
Do we know if one might have been impaneled already?
Last word, Sara.
Wow, thank you both for being with us. You guys have been phenomenal. We appreciate it. We will keep our audience up to date, 2018, the year of the boomerang, stay with us. If the media won't cover it, we will. Tomi Lahren and Jessica Tarlov next.
More breaking news tonight. We are following multiple breaking stories including a bombshell report from The Hill revealing that the FBI is opening a new investigation into the Clinton Foundation. And also breaking The Daily Beast reporting the Department of Justice has taken a fresh look at Hillary Clinton's private e-mail serve server scandal.
And according to the report DOJ officials now are interested in finding out how much classified information was in fact sent over Clinton's server who put that information in to an unclassified environment and how.
They are also reporting they want to know which investigators knew about these matters and when did they know it? And in light of today's report, former senior advisor to Clinton, Philippe Reines wrote on twitter, quote, this is definitely a political persecution. Really? Here with reaction, Fox News contributors Tomi Lahren and Jessica Tarlov. Happy New Year to both of you.
OK. Now, here it is. You have to admit James Comey months before even investigating the e-mail server scandals, writing the exoneration and he had a special category for Hillary. It wasn't done by the field offices of the FBI. Now that they're opening investigation into both of this, can you just admit you can't write an exoneration before the investigation?
You can't admit that? You can have the exoneration and then do the investigation later.
You completely take my argument and dismiss it?
And then he's doing it with a guy that calls Trump --
He's doing it with a guy that calls Trump loathsome and loves Hillary.
Excuse me. He is on texts with his own girlfriend saying la, la, la.
All right. La, la, la, let's bring in Tomi Lahren. Tomi, your thoughts.
If Jeff Sessions (INAUDIBLE) would have resigned.
Excuse me, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Stop for a second. We know in the Clinton case that top secret classified special access program information, it was all there. And that foreign agents, it was in the Comey draft had likely gotten it.
Excuse me. She put it in a mom and pop shop bathroom closet.
Inadvisable.
No, apparently not.
No. Mishandling of classified information, destroying classified information is a felony, and when you bleach bit it and you acid wash it and bust up the hammers and you delete it, that's called obstruction.
Jim Comey wanted her to win. Exactly.
He had no choice, Tomi, at that point there was no choice.
All right, I got a question.
Don't fall into her diversion Tomi. I have another question.
That was very good. Here is what I want to know. America doesn't have enough uranium. Uranium is the foundation or material for nuclear weapons. Now, why would we ever -- why would Hillary, Eric Holder -- why would know -- Robert Mueller knew that Putin wanted to get a foothold in the uranium industry in America?
And he had his thugs in this country bribing, extorting, money laundering, racketeering the whole bit and kick backs. Why would America -- why would anybody ever sign off on giving a foreign entity control of uranium when we don't have enough uranium? On the surface, does that make any sense to you at all?
Whoa, slow down. It doesn't.
That's what happened.
Excuse me, wrong. It went to Europe and we believe it went to Asia.
We know it went to Canada.
But wait a minute, but we have a shortage, Tomi, of uranium. We need more of it not less of it.
Actually in uranium we are. She did sign off on it, that's a lie. I don't believe it (INAUDIBLE) State Department.
Pass the buck.
Subpoenaed.
Do you think it's about, well, about yoga, a funeral and wedding, 33,000? Really you buy that?
And she said she also e-mailed Bill, but Bill doesn't have an account.
Oh, she said Bill.
So like she was asked did you wipe the server clean like with a cloth?
Laws were broken.
Game on. The boomerang begins. When we come back, our video of the day, the hate Hannity hotline and Stephen Colbert made me laugh. I will tell you why straight ahead.
All right, time first for the picture of the day. I have to warn you, I don't usually find this professional, Trump hating, Obama sycophant funny, but Stephen Colbert actually made me laugh. He tweeted out this ad begging to be considered the dishonest and corrupt media awards, which will be announced by President Trump next Monday. And we're going to have our own awards tomorrow.
Now, according to the poster, Colbert, he's gunning for the fakest dishonesty award. He may just get it. I still hate the show. Good luck, Stephen. All right, now it's time to play some of the messages you left for me on the Hannity hotline. Some of you don't particularly like me. Watch this.
What's up with those evil laughs? By the way, to all of you, thank you for watching. And if you want to unleash on me, feel free. Get it off your chest, no matter how mean. We don't care, 877-225-8587. Remember, we will never be the fake news destroy Trump media. We are fair and balanced. Thanks for being with us. Let not your heart be troubled. The news continues.
Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 170  ***************************************************
 Then back in 2012, Katie Couric told Bravo this about Matt Lauer. Let's look at this.
And during the same year, the "Today" show did a comedy skit where "Morning Joe" co-host Willie Geist, well, he slapped Matt Lauer's behind and then Lauer pretended to be a victim of sexual harassment. Watch this.
All right. Not funny and kind of creepy given the allegations now being made against Matt Lauer.
But he is not the only person who was one fired today over sexual harassment allegations. Former NPR radio talk show host Garrison Keillor, you may remember him, Prairie Home Companion, he is also facing sexual misconduct accusations tonight.
Now, Keillor was fired by Minnesota Public Radio after two staffers made complaints against him and Keillor responded to one of the accusations by telling the Minneapolis Star Tribune, quote, "I put my hand on a woman's bare back. I meant to pat her back after she told me about her unhappiness and her shirt was open and my hand went up at about six inches. She recoiled. I apologized. I sent her an email of apology later. And she replied that she said had forgiven me and not to think about it. We were friends. We continued to be friendly right up until her lawyer called."
And finally tonight, the Detroit News is reporting that several members of the Congressional Black Caucus are now urging Democratic Congressman John Conyers to resign following sexual misconduct allegations from three women. Now Conyers' lawyers also refuting a report that the congressman will not seek re-election. The attorney told Fox News that congressman in this case Conyers will continue to serve as in the mindset to fight all these allegations.
Now, we will have more on that bombshell and more about Matt Lauer's firing in just a moment. In other news tonight though, first, our other top story as the president is pressing hard for his massive Reaganesque tax cut and tax reform. Now, the president took his message directly to you, the American people, earlier today in an event in Missouri. Now, in case you didn't get to watch it, here are some of the highlights.
All right. Now, what the president is doing is simple, he is following the model of President John F. Kennedy and President Ronald Reagan. Kennedy cut taxes, the economy soared. More revenue into the federal government. They love that they love to spend. And Ronald Reagan took up the idea and took it even further. Remember, he slashed the top marginal rate from 70 to 28 percent. Guess what happened? Twenty one million new jobs created after the recessions of the early 1980s. GDP growth peeked at 7.3 percent, 1984. Can you imagine that? Revenues to the government doubled. Longest period of peace time economic growth in history up to that point.
This is not rocket science when taxpayers keep more of their hard-earned money, your money, the economy grows, jobs are created, the forgotten men and women get helped out.
Now the president is now building on the ideas of Kennedy and Reagan. He wants to cut taxes across the board. He also wants a dramatic corporate tax cuts so we are competitive again. And right now American corporations, they face the highest marginal rate among modern economies in the world. Well, President Trump wants to chop it almost in half to 20 percent and also let multinational corporations repatriate trillions of dollars they hold overseas that they can now bring back at low rate to invest in, let's see, factories and manufacturing centers and give American workers a much-needed raise.
Now, the president's tax cut plan is all about the forgotten men and women. What this election was about. We have already seen record-setting economic response just to the Trump presidency. Look at the stock market, another record today. Third quarter GDP today was revised upward from three to 3.3 percent. By the way, Barack Obama never had a single year in his presidency of three percent GDP growth. Not one. Not one of his eight years.
And in October, just 261,000 jobs were created alone, this past month. Unemployment is now at a 17-year low. Consumer confidence a 17-year high. Median existing home prices for all housing types in October 2017 up 8.7 percent from January of 2017. The economy is beginning to boom. Massive tax cuts is only going to make it better, creating jobs, manufacturing centers and of course factories for people that need these jobs. Getting them off of food stamps and getting it back into the workplace and out of poverty. That's what the President was talking about today. That's what Republicans in the House tried to pass.
Democrats, they want nothing to do with jump starting this economy. They are doing everything possible to stop it. By the way, don't they care at all about helping the millions of forgotten men and women in this country?
By the way, the kill the bill Democrats are deploying the same tired old tactics, class warfare, trying to divide the country. Liberals would rather, what, the economy tank even further because that helps them politically? Playing politics? What about the people of this country? We should put them first.
Now, here's a perfect example from the media. The New York Times, my favorite paper, they take the best pictures of me. They are now using the power of their newspaper, why? To crush the tax bill. Look at the tweet this morning from the New York Times editorial board, tweeting out there to people to urge the Senate to reject the tax bill that is literally, they're saying, hurts the middle class and the nation's fiscal health. Excuse me, the tax bill, the tax policies of Obama that they supported eight years were a disaster. Thirteen million more Americans on food stamps. Eight million more on poverty.
Now, that's how the so-called paper of record really feels about the men and women in this country? And since the New York Times is issuing what amounts to a call for action to kill this one bill that will help economic growth, well, we want to issue you our own challenge directly to you, the American people. Lower taxes, tax reform, that's what the president ran on. It's part of the agenda so many of you deplorables like me voted for. If you want lower taxes, you want money in the bank, you want higher wages, you want jobs created, you want people out of poverty and off of food stamps, now is the time to call your senators. And it's up to Republicans to finally get their job done in the U.S. Senate and keep at least one big promise.
And earlier today the Senate GOP thankfully, well they voted to begin debate on this tax bill. A huge moment, a huge opportunity. Republicans hopefully will now begin the process of keeping their word. It's time to put up, shut up. And if wishy washy never Trumpers establishment Republicans, if they fail to deliver on this simple principle in this tax bill, they should all resign and get out of the way, because they have been complete and total failures up to this point, betraying you, the American people.
All right, now back to our top story. Matt Lauer fired NBC News.
Here with reaction, Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi. From The Hollywood reporter, we have Marisa Guthrie and trial Attorney Rebecca Rose Woodland.
Thanks to all of you. I don't even know where to begin. It's like more coming out by the minute about what has really been going on at NBC. And all of it is despicable.
Yes. I don't think he did it himself.
Keep reading the word abuse not just misconduct.
Okay. These things are not consensual. This is where, you know, we are now and it is also the position of power issue that keeps coming up again and again. Now, we haven't really heard from Matt Lauer today, he doesn't even seem to be denying anything or saying anything. What do we glean from that?
Let me go to Pam Bondi because I think there are also legal issues that come in here. What do you -- as you read all of this, legally speaking, do you see any potential trouble for him? And I'm not talking about civilly.
Let me ask another -- I'm trying to understand because one person comes out and then there is always this avalanche.
Which tells me so many -- there is a pattern of behavior in all of this.
As a prosecutor, the attorney general obviously of Florida. Is that common?
Like one, then five, then ten?
What about -- do you also always have to have the presumption of innocence, Pam?
Rebecca?
Pam, you would say?
All right. Thank you all for being with us. And when we come back, we have so much more coming up tonight. Melanie Morgan, Juanita Broaddrick, Kathleen Willey, they will join us next to talk about their attempt to confront senator groper himself. We have the exclusive video. Al Franken at his office.
And then later, the biggest cry baby story of all time it has to do with CNN, it has to do with the White House. Sean Spicer is here tonight. And also key Democrat James Clyburn reportedly making shocking comments about John Conyers' accusers. We will get to all of that. Ed Henry has a full report. And I need your help later in the show. I'll explain.
And welcome back to Hannity. So, earlier today Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi took to the House floor in support of a bill for mandatory sexual harassment training for members of Congress and their staff. Take a look.
Really the same woman who back in 1998 defended then-President Bill Clinton during his impeachment hearing. Watch this.
Here with reaction, former Secret Service agent Dan Bongino, civil rights attorney Darryl Parks and still with us, Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi. Dan Bongino, let me start with you. You know, this is the thing. We're going to have Juanita Broaddrick and Kathleen Willey.
The Clintons had a 30-year pass from all Democrats about this issue. Now they are trying to like grab the high ground. Now that the Clintons aren't in power potentially in power, now they can speak out. But these women were smeared and slandered and besmirched and attacked in unprecedented ways.
And I'm the one that says, I believe like Pam said in the last segment, the presumption of innocence. You don't rush to judgment. Why I was right in Ferguson, in Baltimore. Freddie Gray and the Duke Lacrosse case. I have argued with my friend Darryl here a long time about the Zimmerman case. You know, we were right about rump, too. And the media rushes to judgment. Darryl Parks. But this is 30 years of defending the indefensible. Bill Clinton was a predator. Period, end of sentence. And most Democrats, for all that time, defended him.
Forget about the different point. How do they justify 30 years of defending the indefensible?
They lay the dollar short, Daryl.
I agree with you.
But he denied it. It wasn't there but it should be investigated fully. All right, Pam.
Can we get Dan to respond to that?
Dan?
Daryl?
Let me just say something. I have Juanita and Kathleen on in the next segment. You know, unlike a lot of these -- I actually went at the time and interviewed them. They were not only not just ignored, they were smeared. They were -- it was a systematic war machine to destroy them, Daryl. And that went on up until and including through the last election.
This is last year. Daryl, that is not fine with me. This was last year. They were defending. They were smearing. They were attacking those women. Now, everyone is saying oh, Hillary said last year, women have a right to be believed. And I'm like she was in the heart of destroying some of these people.
We kind of admitted a lot. He admitted Jennifer Flowers finally told the truth. First person Jennifer Flowers. She had tapes and the media still defended Bill. Last word. Pam Bondi?
If you give them right to defend themselves, why do you say he has to go?
Ok.
Dan, I will give you the last word. I want to you respond to that.
I think it is very well apropos and applicable. Thank you. When we comeback Melanie Morgan, Juanita Broaddrick, Kathleen Willey, they went to Senator Al Franken's office today to hold him accountable for what we know he did. We will play the video and get exclusive details of what happened. Also top Democrat James Clyburn now reportedly making stunning comments defending John Conyers over sexual allegations. And I have an announcement and I need your help. That is later in the show.
In other news tonight Democratic congressmen James Clyburn is coming under fire for reportedly making shocking comments about John Conyers accusers. We go to Ed Henry who is outside the White House tonight with the very latest. This is beyond shocking. Go ahead.
All right. Ed Henry in Washington outside the White House tonight. Thank you. And as we have been reporting sexual harassment allegations continue to plague Senator Al Franken. Today Melanie Morgan decided to confront Senator Grope herself who she accused of harassing her 17 years ago. Morgan went to Franken's Capitol Hill office. She brought with her two women who accused Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct groping, grabbing and in one case rape. Kathleen Willey and Juanita Broaddrick. Not surprisingly Senator Al Franken would not see them. Take a look.
We did reach out to Franken's office for a statement about what happen today. We haven't heard back. Joining us now from the media equalizer Melanie Morgan and two women who have accused President Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct. Juanita Broaddrick, Kathleen Willey. Juanita, let me start with you, I remember when I interviewed you. First, Lisa Myers interviewed you first. I interviewed you second. And I took the time to interview all those women at the time. Jennifer Flowers has been vindicated now. We saw his conduct with Monica Lewinski. A lot of lying went on. And I remember Lisa Myers said something. She called you and said the problem is you are too credible. I want you to explain the story and, what the Clinton machine did to you.
Let's talk about the things that were said, the attacks that were made against you. By Clinton supporters.
30 years later. We have had 30 years of so many women that have gone through. This Kathleen you were one of them. You went to the White House. Had you known Clinton and you were a volunteer, and your story is, he groped, grabbed, fondled, touched, and kissed you against your will.
What did the Clinton machine do to you?
Melanie, I want to ask you we saw the picture of Franken and Leeann Tweeden sleep. I had an experience where Franken is nuts, right here at the Fox News studios unhinged is the only way can I describe him. You had that experience. You confronted him. I want you to address the 30 years, what happened today and the 30 years of Clinton and their defenders and Democrats threading every needle up until and including last year's election and now the position they're taking.
All of a sudden Democrats after the election last year the day of reckoning for the Clintons has come. A little late and politically expedient because she is not running.
Stop using our money to pay off their deals with people.
Last question Juanita and Kathleen. Its 30 years of you basically have been abused and not believed. Now liberals have changed their tune. What message do you have for them, Juanita, and then Kathleen?
Well said. Kathleen?
Let it come out of their pocket. I agree with you. Right. Let them pay.
Absolutely. All right. I know it's hard for you guys to go back to this. We really appreciate you being with us. Thank you all.
When we come back, fake news, liberal CNN, the biggest bunch of crybabies I have ever met. I will explain. Sean Spicer weighs in and I need your help with an important issue straight ahead.
Crybabies over at fake news CNN boycotting the White House Christmas Party. Sara Sanders says Christmas comes early Christmas finally good news from CNN. And she was retweeted by her boss President Trump who added great we should boycott fake news CNN dealing with them is a total waste of time. Can't blame the President and with coverage like this, for example.
We can go on and on, especially Humpy Dumpy that could be a full hour. Trump is the first president to have unkind words for the members of the media. You may remember Obama didn't particularly like me.
Threat of violence? I was never invited to a White House Christmas Party during the Obama administration. Not that I would have gone. Here with reaction former White House press secretary Sean Spicer.
Really CNN? Really? Your reaction.
I don't know how you put up with their crap for all the time that you were press secretary to be honest. You have the patience of job. I remember one year I said was I invited and they laughed. And they said no. You weren't invited. I didn't take it personally by the way. I used to joke about it.
That is great.
I have to run.
I appreciate it.
You bet. When we come back, I need your help. I have a huge decision, an announcement next.
Christmas is just around the corner and like many Americans, I am busy deciding which photos to use on my annual Christmas card -- which I really don't send out, I'm making pretend here -- and I need your help. Kind of like fake news. Should I use this photo of me, that is me in the high chair there as a baby, the man on the left-hand corner in the background my grandfather, my sisters are in the photo. Or I was thinking maybe this gem from the New York Times, the middle one is the actual cover of the New York Times Sunday magazine. That is maybe one much my best pictures ever.
So, which one of those photos should I send out? You decide at @SeanHannity on Twitter, Hannity.com and I will actually make a real Christmas card this year. Let us know.
Remember, we are always fair and balanced. We're not the destroy Trump media. Unfortunately that is all the time we have left. Let not your heart be troubled. Laura Ingraham is right there, now you can vote, but I don't want the audience being influenced by your vote. Don't go with Laura, just because whatever she says, because it is not going to be good, I just feel it coming.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 171  ***************************************************
 You know, we always talk, Sara, about selective moral outrage on this program. In the case of the Ukraine, you have a DNC-paid operative who was admitting she actually met with foreigners, in this case Ukrainian -- and a Ukrainian ambassador. And she's admitting she passed on, you know, detrimental information to the DNC and the Clinton campaign.
Now, on paper, that is far worse than anything we know about Trump-Russia collusion, but it's basically been ignored. How bad is it? And should these people, as I'm suggesting, be put under oath?
Gregg, let me just get pure legal analysis from you. If you're looking at facts as a lawyer and you look at the Ukrainian situation -- meetings with foreign entities that want to obviously influence the election, with paid DNC officials, information is transferred to the DNC and the Hillary Clinton campaign, and nary a word is discussed about this by the very people that have been all over in government and the media -- all over with no evidence -- a so-called collusion story with the Trump campaign that's nonexistent.
Where is more evidence here?
That pesky little document? I know you love that pesky little document.
OK, real quick -- we'll do a lightning round. John, where is this headed next, in your opinion? And do you see Congress, that they have an obligation now to put the same focus and attention into both the dossier issue and the Ukrainian influence issue as they are Russia?
And Sara, it seems to me that it's only the tip of the iceberg here and it's only been a one-sided discussion in the country.
All right, last word, Gregg.
The same crime. All right, great analysis, all of you. We'll do what the media will not. We will stay on these investigations with far more evidence than what the media is feeding up (ph) to you.
When we come back, more reaction to this explosive report that the Russian lawyer who met with Donald Trump, Jr., last year was let into the U.S. by the Obama Justice Department. Laura Ingraham is here.
Also later tonight, during his joint news conference with the president of France, President Trump defended his son, Don, Jr. Lou Dobbs has reaction.
And then later, we're holding Washington accountable. I have a message for Washington Republicans. Get to work! This is now not funny anymore -- straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So as the left continues their Russia collusion conspiracy hysteria, well, The Hill was the first to report that the Russian lawyer who met with Donald Trump, Jr., last summer was allowed into the U.S. under, quote, "extraordinary circumstances" by, yes, the Justice Department in the Obama administration.
Here with reaction, editor-in-chief, Lifezette, Fox News contributor, nationally syndicated rock star radio host, Laura Ingraham. How are you?
OK, why did they let her in? Why does she get the special exemption? And she was supposed to have been out of the country by then. Is that a big deal?
That's connected with the dossier.
... let me ask you this. All right, so between the dossier issue, which is the Fusion GPS connection...
... and then you've got, of course, the influencing -- Obama trying to defeat Bibi Netanyahu -- I thought it was bad to try and influence elections. But more importantly, all the evidence of Ukrainian involvement to support Hillary and a paid DNC staffer reporting back information after embassy meetings with the Ukraine ambassador, seems like there's far more evidence, Laura. Nobody seems to pay attention to it but people like us.
That to me is a far bigger story with more evidence.
OK, then the next -- then on top of those people being put under oath, don't we need to -- and I was asking this in the last segment of Jay -- I'm sorry, of Gregg Jarrett.
Don't we also need to investigate Hillary Clinton now and James Comey now and the deep state now, and we can't have unequal application of the laws in this country when we know the evidence is overwhelming and incontrovertible?
We know...
Such a good point. And five foreign intelligence services 99.9 percent likelihood got that information.
And the real Russia conspiracy is the $145-plus million kickback the Uranium One -- the sign-off on her part. But Laura, good to see you. Thank you.
All right, when we come back, Lou Dobbs joins us next with reaction to all of this left-wing hypocrisy, media hypocrisy.
And also later tonight...
Dr. Sebastian Gorka and his takedown of CNN. We've got two instances to play you. We'll get reaction from Joe Concha and Kaya Jones (ph). Please stay with us as we continue.
That was President Trump earlier today, he was in Paris responding to a question about Don Jr. meeting with a Russian lawyer last summer. Here with reaction, author of the new book "Putin's Gambit," from the Fox Business Network, our friend Lou Dobbs is back with us.
I don't know what it takes, but we've had 125 deep state leaks in 126 days. Every one of them I would say needs to be investigated for being a felony. I think the only way this works is the deep state gets purged, number one. Obama holdovers get purged, that still has not happened.
The next thing is the laws of the country that apply to every American watching us now, Lou, need to apply to Hillary, need to apply to Comey, need to apply to Attorney General Lynch, and anyone else who leaked information within the deep state. If we don't hold them accountable then it never stops.
But the question is I don't know any other antidote than to purge the deep state, to apply the law equally. And if you don't, then you are giving license for all of this to continue.
We're going to have investigative creep. He's going to use Hillary's attorney to go further and further and set traps.
Four years, Lou. Four. It will be four.
I've got to roll. Lou Dobbs on our sister network, the FOX Business Network every night, 7:00 eastern. Thank you, sir.
And when we come back on this busy breaking news night tonight right here on HANNITY.
The Sebastian Gorka beat down of CNN, and CNN continues their smear campaign against President Trump. You've got to watch this. If you missed it, we will play it for you, and we will get reaction, by the way, from Joe Concha and Kaya Jones. And also tonight --
You Republicans in D.C., the American people elected you to do a job. Get to work. I have a message for you tonight. And by the way, our mini monologue, that's straight ahead. And also I'll hold Washington accountable
Welcome back to "Hannity." So the so-called journalists over at fake news CNN, they have been wall-to-wall anti-Trump coverage. They can't stop. It's like a drug to them. Last night, the deputy assistant to the president, our friend, Dr. Sebastian Gorka, he went into the belly of the beast and completely owned Anderson Cooper. If you haven't seen it, it's must watch TV. Take a look.
By the way, Dr. Gorka is right. They are losing to Yogi Bear reruns. Hey, Boo-boo. By the way, here's another exchange that Gorka had with our former colleague Alisyn Camerata, who now works at CNN. This is tough to watch. Take a look.
Here now with reaction, media reporter with "The Hill" Joe Concha, recording artist, entrepreneur Kaya Jones. Kaya, it just so happens Dr. Gorka is right. Hey, Boo-boo, let's get a pic-a-nic basket is out-rating CNN. It's just a fact.
What do you think of the exchange?
Joe, what's your take? You really do stand apart. I notice you're not a part of the humpty-dumpty cabal on Twitter and social media, and you stand independent. What is your take on it objectively?
Remember what he said to my friend Jeffrey Lord over there. Are they able to recover their brand, Kaya? You know a lot about branding.
He's a Vanderbilt. I'm talking about the CNN brand.
That's probably true. Does Jeff Zucker survive considering he's driven this network into the ground, Joe?
Thank you, guys. We'll take a break. When we come back, this is up next tonight right here on HANNITY.
The president is right, Republicans, they have been promising you, the American people, since 2010 they would repeal and replace ObamaCare. I have a message for Washington Republicans -- get your act together. That is next.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Today a revised health care draft was released by Senate Republicans, so will GOP lawmakers finally after seven years uphold their promise and repeal and replace ObamaCare? Tonight we're holding Washington accountable, and it is the subject of our mini monologue.
The majority leader in the Senate Mitch McConnell has cancelled -- good start -- the first two weeks of the Senate's August recess, and he says he may vote on the bill next week. I'll believe it when I see it.
Senator Ted Cruz said that he will support the bill as long as it drives down the cost of premiums, that's key. So will that happen?
Some of the key provisions and revisions to the released bill included billions of dollars to combat opioid addiction, additional funding for insurers, covering a high risk pool. It also allows premiums to be paid with pretax health savings accounts. That's important. And still some senators are still skeptical that this revamped legislation will ever even see the light of day.
Earlier today before the revised plan was released, here's Senator John McCain -- you know, the guy involved in that dossier thing -- this is what he said earlier.
And Republican Senator Susan Collins went a step further and vowed not to support the bill. She tweeted out, "Still deep cuts in Medicaid in the Senate bill. Will vote no on a motion to proceed. Ready to work with the GOP and Democratic colleagues to fix the flaws in the ACA."
Remember, these are the same pathetic, weak Republicans, spineless Republican senators -- they vowed to completely repeal and replace ObamaCare. They said give us the House in 2010, give us the Senate in 2014. Give us the presidency in 2016, we'll get this done, remember?
If you can't replace it, then do what you said, repeal it. You have no excuses left. You have the House, the Senate, the presidency.
President Trump had this to say about the bill in an interview with Pat Robertson yesterday.
Sixth-one times -- I have a message for all of you in Washington. You know what? You cannot give up on repealing the quote "Affordable Care Act." You made us a promise, the American people, for seven years. You guaranteed you'd end ObamaCare. You assured all of us you would develop a health care bill that actually worked for the American people.
Stop your whining, roll up your sleeves, get to work, put your egos aside, get it done. You were elected to lead. Make tough decisions. Get this thing over the finish line and do it for the American people. And stop with the vacations. They didn't elect you to capitulate and whine and complain and fall down on your face. This is pathetic. Do your job.
And up next tonight on "Hannity."
Social media Twitter sensation Terrence Williams, he gets the last word as he has all week, tonight with us straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Time once again for social media, Twitter sensation, our friend Terrance Williams. He gets the last word. We have been doing this with Terrence all week. Hope you are enjoying it. He is just funny. Watch this.
You've got to love Terrance, and you can catch him on social media. He is rip-roaring, make-you-cry funny.
All right, that's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. Remember, on this program, we will always be fair and balanced. Thanks for being with us. See you back here tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 172  ***************************************************
 And Obama also said, "Get in their face." Remember during the 2016 campaign, former vice president, crazy uncle Joe Biden, said this about then candidate Donald Trump.
Yes, if I said taking Uncle Joe behind the gym, what would happen to me? Now, we're going to have more on this topic later in the program tonight. It's so important.
But also tonight, special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation is, in fact, now turning into a dangerous witch hunt by engaging what I've been warning about: investigation mission creep. Now, we've been highlighting night after night exactly what's been going on here, and here are the facts.
Mueller, who has massive, huge, numerous conflicts of interest with his relationship with James Comey, is now hiring an army of people to look into everything else but Trump-Russia collusion, including, for example, Jared Kushner's finances. There's also the fact that at least three people on Mueller's team have donated to Obama and Clinton. Does that sound fair, balanced, impartial to you? Or the fact that now they're investigating other issues like obstruction?
Here's what's happening. This whole thing was supposed to be about so-called Trump-Russia collusion. But guess what? There's zero evidence, well, none whatsoever at this point.
So now Mueller is now looking into other things, finances, business dealings, obstruction. And we can expect it's only going to get bigger and more expansive day in and day out. And you can bet one thing, he's not going to stop until he finds something to justify his existence. It's what I call investigation mission creep.
And speaking of the facts, if Mueller wants to investigate obstruction of justice, then he should ask his good friend James Comey, his BFF, about Loretta Lynch influencing him in the Clinton email investigation and meeting Bill Clinton on the tarmac and saying it's not an "investigation," no, it's a "matter." Oh, and by the way, Sara Carter reporting, yes, she might have put the kibosh on any potential indictment.
And if Mueller wants to look into his finances or any finances, then why not investigate the pay-to-play scheme that was going on at the Clinton Foundation? Remember, the Uranium One deal -- there's a Russia conspiracy -- Hillary Clinton, secretary of state, signing off on giving 20 percent of America's uranium to Vladimir Putin and the Russians? And by the way, all the while, people involved in that deal donating millions and millions to the Clinton Foundation and while her husband, by the way, Bill Clinton was doubling his speaking fees in Moscow.
Now, instead of creating crimes, Mueller should be investigating the ones we actually know occurred, including the felonies by Hillary Clinton.
Here's with reaction, author of the brand-new book, by the way, a best- seller, "Understanding Trump," former speaker of the House, FOX News contributor Newt Gingrich.
You know, you said something this weekend that really is true but should be scary to every American. People are going to be indicted over something that has nothing to do with the original investigation!
(INAUDIBLE) Hillary!
(INAUDIBLE) for Hillary!
Mr. Speaker...
Rosenstein wrote a two-page memo saying Comey has to go. OK, then so Comey then leaks to The New York Times. Then Comey then gets his BFF to be the special counsel. Rosenstein contributes to all of this, and now he's talking about shifting away from Russia-Trump collusion, the lie, into obstruction and finances.
This is dangerous for this country! Both of them need to recuse themselves and get out of the way! Why are they even still there?
Listen, Scooter Libby...
Scooter Libby had a -- had a perjury trap -- by the way, I want to send our thoughts and prayers to the family of this young man, Otto, that just recently returned from North Korea. He died tonight. I am so sad for this family.
This deep state, it's now a fourth branch of government. And the media colluding with them is even worse -- 11 months of lies, no apologies, no retractions, no, We're going to get this right.
By the way, Mr. Speaker, congrats on the book, "Understanding Trump"
... Amazon.com, Hannity.com, book stores everywhere. Thank you, sir, for being with us.
All right, and coming up, we have -- remember, late last week, we learned disturbing news that this left-wing gunman who tried to assassinate GOP lawmakers had a list in his car with the names of six Republican lawmakers. Three of those lawmakers will join us next. That's straight ahead tonight.
And also, we will continue all of this hatred towards the president, and we'll get into the other issues, including the woman who literally stormed the Shakespearean play in the park over the weekend, peacefully, to say enough's enough. That and my exclusively tonight, and my commentary on Megyn Kelly straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." The House majority whip, Congressman Steve Scalise, remains hospitalized tonight again in serious condition. Now, Congressman Scalise is recovering from the gunshot wounds after a left-wing gunman tried to assassinate GOP leaders last week. Fox News has also learned the gunman had in his van in a written list with the names of six GOP congressmen on this list. Now, the list contained their Capitol Hill office room numbers.
Joining us now with reaction, three of the lawmakers on that list, Congressmen Mo Brooks, Congressman Trent Franks, Congressman Morgan Griffith are with us.
Mo, I've known you for 27 years, when I was doing radio, local, down in Huntsville, Alabama, and you filled in for me. I've known you all these years. You're a tough guy. This really impacted you, describing -- number one, putting the tourniquet on this young kid, then, of course, what happened to Steve Scalise fighting for his life, and now you find out you're on a list to be murdered, to be assassinated. I've got to imagine that's tough, too.
Yes, and again, having to jump in and help these guys. Congressman Franks, by the way, it's also media figures. I've dealt with this my entire career. It's not fun.
Congressman...
Go ahead, sir.
Congressman Griffith, I agree with Congressman Franks. I just think it's gotten so heated -- I mean, an ISIS pose with a severed, bloodied head of our president, a nightly murdering of our president? The rhetoric -- the Russia-Trump conspiracy lie told day after day, night after night. You think it's had an impact in terms of not only delegitimizing the president, but also sort of objectifying him as a subject of evil.
Mo Brooks, what's your take on the rhetoric and association (ph), ISIS poses, severed heads, conspiracy theories. Is it having an impact?
All right, I -- first of all, thoughts and prayers with Congressman Scalise. I'm sorry that you and your family's had to deal with this. Congressman Brooks, on a personal note, 27 yeas ago, you would fill in for me on my radio show. You've come a long way. I'm really proud of you.
I'm going OK.
... and thank you very much.
And coming up, you're going to meet the woman who stood up this weekend, stormed the stage at the Shakespeare in the Park rally in New York City. She is calling for the leftist hatred to come to an end.
And later tonight...
The ranking Democrat on the Intel Committee, Representative Adam Schiff -- he now admits, no proof or evidence of Trump-Russia collusion! Really? We'll get reaction from Jay Sekulow, also Sara Carter and much more tonight.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So despite the vicious left-wing assassination attempt on Republican members of Congress last week, well, New York Shakespeare in the Park continued their production of "Julius Caesar," which depicts the killing of a Trump look-alike every single night.
Now, the show did close last night as planned, but my next guest felt she had to do something about the depiction of violence against our president. So during Friday evening's performance, Laura Loomer staged -- stormed the stage, interrupting the performance, denouncing the depiction of violence against the right. And following the interruption, Loomer was, in fact, arrested by the NYPD.
She joins us now to explain why she did this. Laura, welcome to the program. Thanks for being with us.
Listen, you knew if you did this, you're putting yourself at risk. You're probably going to be arrested. You were arrested. You are charged. You're going to have to appear in court. But you knew that, right?
Why was this then so important to you?
By the way, this was nonviolent. And it's funny because the left has been preaching since Donald Trump got elected, oh, the resistance. Obama once said get their faces, and Biden once talked about taking Trump behind a schoolyard and kicking the crap out of him. Robert De Niro wanted to punch him in the face. Jim Carey wants to use a golf club on the president. Then we got ISIS poses and everything else, and then you have of course, the infamous Madonna. Listen to this.
You know, Laura, speaking about you, wait a minute, I thought the left liked peaceful protest, and in some cases, they don't even speak out against violent protest. And RINO Republicans, they have been critical of you, and never-Trumpers are critical of you. But this was nonviolent. You expressing that you are tired every night of a president or a president lookalike getting assassinated on stage. Why would they be so critical when they support it when liberals do it? And what if it was against certain historical religious figures, what do you think the reaction would be?
In light of what happened last week, you took a very courageous political stand. It was nonviolent. You are making a very strong point. I applaud you for what you have done, and you did it knowing what the risks are, and good for you. Thanks for being with us.
And up next tonight on this busy breaking news night right here on HANNITY.
Now even liberal Congressman Adam Schiff, the latest Democrat to admit there's no evidence of Trump-Russia collision. And why is this still a story? And we'll talk about investigative creep by Robert Mueller and how dangerous this is. Jay Sekulow weighs in next.
And also tonight, we'll continue that discussion. Why do we move from Russia and Trump to obstruction of justice and finances? Sara Carter, Gregg Jarrett weigh-in, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So Democrats, members of the destroy- Trump media, will not stop pushing this phony Russia-Trump collusion narrative despite no evidence. As a matter of fact, evidence now to the contrary. And just yesterday the House Intelligence Committee ranking Democrat, liberal Congressman Adam Schiff, he said this. Pay attention.
Here now with reaction, President Trump's attorney, also he is the chief counsel for the American Center for Law and Justice, Jay Sekulow.
Jay, I want to specifically get into this, because this has now become like Russia-Trump conspiracy, birther conspiracies, sort of truthers. And it has gotten so bad, every intelligence agent, every intelligence official, every Democratic congressman, nobody has any evidence of collusion. Eleven months of media lies. Why now are they moving on to, what, obstruction? And if that doesn't work, now we'll move on to financial issues. At what point does this investigative creep end?
Here's my question then. I want to stay focused on these constitutional issues here, because remember, Richard Armitage -- Patrick Fitzgerald knew early on that Richard Armitage was the leaker, but he stays on this for literally three years, and all he comes up with is a perjury trap for Scooter Libby at the end of the day.
So now we're at the start of the Russia-Trump collusion, that has been debunked. Why is this special counsel still here? How does the guy, how do we move to obstruction? How do we then move to finances? To me it seems like a constitutional crisis now created. Thoughts?
I've got to run here. And then the really important thing is, now the president doesn't deal with Russia threatening to shoot on our planes or the insanity of North Korea that we have to deal with, or ISIS that is a big problem, or getting people out of poverty, off of food stands and into the labor force and buying homes. Now this is 80 percent of the president's time, which in part is part of the agenda, which I'm going to get to. Jay, thank you.
And now it has taken on, we're got to talk about the investigative creep next. Jay Sekulow, thank you.
When we come back, what is this mission creep, investigation creep? If they don't have Russia-Trump collusion, why are they still there? Anyway, should Robert Mueller, Rod Rosenstein resign? I say yes. We'll check in Sara Carter, Gregg Jarrett.
And later, my take on Megyn Kelly's interview with Alex Jones, a commentary you don't want to miss.
Welcome back to "Hannity." And joining us now to talk more about Mueller and Rosenstein, and of course Comey and investigation creep, as I call it, from CircaNews.com Sara Carter, Fox News anchor, attorney Gregg Jarrett.
Right, 10 months.
Concerned, I mean, Gregg, here you have Comey leaks to "The New York Times" for the very purpose of getting a special counsel. Rosenstein wrote the letter that Comey should be fired, now is helping to get the BFF of Comey, Mueller, in there. Then he hires, as Sara points out, Hillary's attorney on the Clinton Foundation to avoid FOIA requests, and donors to Obama and Hillary. Wow. Can there possibly be any more conflicts, which is why Mueller and Rosenstein need to go, in my opinion.
They are justifying their existence.
Right, that is exactly -- --
And that's exactly what Alan Dershowitz said. He said show me the person and I'll show you the crime.
And then this raises other questions. Why aren't we, Sara, investigating Loretta Lynch and her obvious obstruction, and did she put the kibosh, in spite of the evidence, any potential indictment on Hillary? Hillary Clinton's obvious felonies, mishandling, destroying of classified information? Then, of course, we've got the foundation of Hillary Clinton and Bill Clinton giving 20 percent of American uranium asset, there's a Russia conspiracy, to Vladimir Putin and getting kickback millions from people involved for their foundation, seriously?
Gregg, to me, there is collusion, there is obstruction, there are felonies committed, and there is a conspiracy theory, because Hillary, a Russian conspiracy, because Hillary conspired to give 20 percent of uranium to Vladimir Putin for money.
All right, guys, great work. We will keep reporting, and I know you guys will, what the rest of the media is ignoring and frankly has upside down and backwards. Thank you both.
When we come back, I want to give you my take on Megyn Kelly's interview with Infowar's Alex Jones. And we need your help, a very important "Question of the Day" straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity."
So Sunday night, NBC News, they aired Megyn Kelly's much talked about interview with Infowar's Alex Jones. And of course in all the too common style of the mainstream, leftwing, destroy-Trump media, the interview by NBC was highly edited.
Now, it raises a question. Do networks now in the day and age of having websites, do they have an obligation to release the full interview? That's tonight's mini-monologue.
During last night's interview, NBC News host Megyn Kelly, my former colleague, pressed Jones on some of his conspiracy theories. But out of the hours of video apparently they taped, NBC only aired a few minutes of it. Jones has called for NBC to release the full, unedited version of the interview. And by the way, in this case I have to agree. Whether you agree or disagree with him, this is the right thing to do.

show#: 173  ***************************************************
 And here's more of how this horrifying scene played out today right here in Alexandria.
And earlier tonight, President Trump and the first lady, Melania Trump -- they visited the hospital where Congressman Steve Scalise is being treated tonight. Our thoughts and prayers are obviously with him, his family, the other victims, and of course, their families.
Joining us now with reactions, several Republican lawmakers, Congressman Jeff Duncan, who says that he may have spoken to gunman moments before the shooting, Congressman Gary Palmer -- now, he, by the way, was playing shortstop right next to Steve Scalise when the shooting broke out -- Congressman Mark Walker, who says the suspect planned to kill as many Republicans as possible. And also with us, Congressmen Bill Johnson and Roger Marshall, and they are on the congressional baseball team.
We (ph) were not at the scene when the shooting actually occurred.
That's kind of -- it's -- you know, I know they showed you the picture of him because I also talked to Rhonda Sanders (ph), who was with you.
That's got to be a little scary from your side. All right, here's this guy. Are they Republicans or Democrats? Republicans. OK, let's attack them.
I heard Mo Brooks in particular put a tourniquet on one of the congressional aides?
It was him, the guy that talked to you and Congressman DeSantis. No doubt.
Congressman Palmer, you're right next to Steve Scalise as this happens. It's got to be pretty, you know, scary experience for you too.
(INAUDIBLE) the tape now.
I'm hearing these shots. He's throwing off a lot of shots.
And this is important, I think, to note, and you all tell me if I'm wrong here, but you were able to tell me earlier -- they were -- they were out in the open.
This guy's got a rifle, they got a pistol.
And from what I understand, and would know, you were very close to Scalise. He goes down how early when the incident starts?
Was it really? Who was playing the third base, which was almost point-blank range?
Trent Kelly.
And he shot right at him.
Congressman Douglas (ph), I want to really talk about these two Capitol Police people because, I mean, you know, I remember at 9/11. I remember, you know, the rest of the world that works at the Trade Center, they're going down, and here's a group of guys, firemen, paramedics, policemen, first responders, they're going up. Everyone going down -- they're helping everyone get down.
And here they're going out in a wide open field with a pistol against a guy with a rifle. I've been a marksman my whole life. It's really not a comparison.
Absolutely.
Yes. Have any of you all got an update on his health? I heard he really took -- he kind of took a little turn for the worse this afternoon.
Used to be a pastor, greater love, right, hath no man?
(INAUDIBLE) wrong person be quoted, huh?
Excuse me. This -- this -- this was a radical left winger that tried to assassinate Republicans.
I want to get into that question because I don't care if they're radical Islamists. I don't care who they happen to be. So soon after they commit these evil acts or atrocities, we find out they telegraphed it to the world.
Congressman Johnson, you were kind enough to take me to the field earlier. I am shocked at the proximity of the shooter. We're not allowed to go back, obviously. You can probably see some of the tape here behind us, the police tape. But the proximity of where this shooter was by, let's say, the third base dugout, right behind it, and then moved his way back in the field when he was going after people that were -- had a better angle towards the people in the first base dugout -- the proximity was amazingly close, especially with the type of rifle we're talking about.
Including the son of one of the congressmen.
A 10-year-old.
A 10-year-old kid.
Yes.
Congressman Marshall, you are not from Louisiana.
But you're wearing that shirt in honor of your colleague.
Well, an attempted assassination today. And by the way, it was against many Republicans out there.
And this is a Fox News Alert. A left-wing gunman targeting and attacking a Republican lawmaker earlier today during baseball practice, an attack that looked like an assassination attempt against Republicans, authorities now working around the around the clock, investigating the background of this monster responsible for today's horrific shooting
Now, tonight, we're going to explain what we know about the shooter and what may have actually drove him to carry out these heinous acts. And that is the subject of tonight's important mini monologue.
All right, so the man responsible for today's shooting spree, James Hodgkinson, he died earlier today after Capitol Hill police officers wounded him. Now, he targeted Republican members while they were actually practicing for an annual congressional baseball game.
And according to reports, Hodgkinson is an Illinois resident, and by the way, a staunch left-wing liberal leftist with an apparent hatred for all things Republican, conservative, and especially President Trump. And by the way, reportedly belonged to a group called Terminate the Republican Party, a Facebook group.
Now, during the 2016 campaign, he allegedly volunteered for presidential candidate Senator Bernie Sanders in his run for the presidency. Earlier today, this is what Senator Sanders had to say about this evil man. Take a look.
Now, Senator Sanders, he was not responsible, but he did do the right thing denouncing this gunman. And of course, look, we're not naive. We know this man does not represent all Bernie Sanders supporters. And by the way, on this show, guess what? We're not going to stoop as low as, you may remember, former president Bill Clinton back in the 1990s -- he blamed talk radio. He blamed Rush Limbaugh, remember? For the Oklahoma City bombing? We won't do that here.
Tonight, the biggest issue we need to address as a country is what is a record level of vicious left-wing hate that is being spewed day after day, hour after hour by a left-wing news media that wants to destroy the president, liberals all across the country.
For example, just this week, remember? The opening night performance, Shakespeare in the Park, "Julius Caesar," New York City, Central Park. What did it feature? A Donald Trump lookalike getting brutally stabbed and murdered. By the way, taxpayer dollars funded that in part.
But that's not all. My next example is beyond graphic. Before we put it up on the screen, give yourself a little time in case your kids are in the room. Remember comedian, so-called comedian Kathy Griffin? And she put this fake bloodied severed head of President Trump as part of what, looking like a disgusting ISIS-style photo shoot? And you might also recall this vile rant from Madonna back in January. Take a look.
And before Madonna's infamous rant, about, "Well, I've thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House," remember this music video from the rapper Snoop Dogg, where he actually pretends to shoot President Trump with a fake gun? Take a look.
I can spend hours on this program giving example after example of the -- these left-wing celebrities, these Trump detractors glorifying violence against the president of the United States, and virtually no one on the left has denounced this vile behavior, especially Soros-Clinton groups that attack conservatives for everything they can say.
Now, what can we expect, by the way, from a party that has every election season alleged, like Barack Obama did -- remember? Republicans want to dirty air and dirty water, oh, and Paul Ryan look-alikes throwing Granny over the cliff. And Republicans are racist and sexist and misogynistic and Islamophobic and homophobic and xenophobic. Every single election season. When Democrats continue to dehumanize Republicans and paint them as monsters day in and day out, year in and year out, well, the climate around the country, it becomes more than toxic and the tragic results, of course, follow.
We continue now with Congressmen Duncan, Palmer, Walker, Johnson, Marshall. And by the way, joining us now also is Congressman Jack Bergman. Congressman Bergman, good to see you. We don't have as much time in this segment, but I wanted you to talk about your perspective today.
You know, let me ask all of you -- you've seen the ISIS pose. You've seen the Shakespeare play. You've heard the rhetoric, thing if I said, I'd be targeted, boycotted and probably thrown off the air in 30 seconds. Is this worse than you've ever seen or heard it?
Absolutely?
RFK?
MLK?
Kent State?
Do you make the connection between rhetoric -- look, I can't blame Bernie Sanders because he's a supporter. Bernie Sanders is a nice guy. He's liberal, socialist, but he's -- seriously, he -- his supporters aren't like that. It's one guy. If it was a conservative, they had a Hannity Limbaugh Mark Levin book, Laura Ingraham book -- oh, see? We inspired them to do something insane.
Right.
Disagree without disagreeable...
Am I naive? I don't think that can happen.
Yes. I'll give you the last word.
We'll leave on that good note, and with our thoughts and prayers being with Congressman Scalise, the other victims and all their families. And thank you all for sharing the story with America tonight.
We appreciate you all being with us. Thank you.
And coming up tonight, it is the revenge of the deep state. You won't believe the new leaks that are aimed specifically within our government to take down the president. It's a clear and present danger. Jay Sekulow, Sara Carter, Gregg Jarrett -- they have reaction tonight.
But first, more on why we are broadcasting tonight live. We're in Alexandria, Virginia. Earlier today, a left-wing assassination attempt on Republican lawmakers. Geraldo Rivera is here with us on the scene. He'll join us next.
President Trump earlier today addressing the nation following today's leftwing assassination attempt on Republican lawmakers. Joining us now here on the scene is FOX News' correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera. Throughout the course of your incredible career, you have covered sad stories like this. This was are they Republican or Democrat? Point blank in some cases, five people, it could have been so much worse, but it's scary. This is scary.
Geraldo, they hate him. He's -- you've got ISIS poses. You've got Shakespeare plays.
Geraldo, this is -- I'm going to go back to these two police officers. You know I've been a marksman since I'm 11, pistol marksman. I can shoot a rifle, but my expertise is in his pistol shooting. Do you realize pistols in an open field against a rifle -- you're basically saying kill me. They opened themselves up for death tonight, and they won and protected probably 20 other lives.
Both of them got up.
ISIS pose.
Agreed.
Didn't he do it? He did do it.
And the other families.
I saw the bullet, the same style bullets. It's devastating.
You're going to be reporting from Fox all days tomorrow here?
It's great to see you.
When we come back, it is a very important story tonight, the revenge of the deep state. There are brand-new leaks, by the way Washington Post has been wrong so often, to take on the president. Jay Sekulow, Sara Carter, Gregg Jarrett all join us next with reaction as we continue from Alexandria, Virginia, tonight.
This is a Fox News alert. We are live on the scene in Alexandria, Virginia, tonight, where an anti-Trumpet, leftist gunmen targeting Republican congressmen at a practice charity baseball game for assassination. The House majority whip, the third in charge of the House, was shot and is in critical condition tonight. We are following that story very closely, and we will have updates as we get them tonight.
Also, anonymous sources telling The Washington Post that the special counsel, Robert Mueller, is investigating President Trump for possible obstruction of justice. Now, this is the biggest act, I want you to pay attention, of retribution we have ever seen from the deep state in the history of this country. And just as we have been saying on this program, it is now turned into a political witch hunt against the president of the United States.
We're going to explain more next in our mini monologue.
All right, so The Washington Post citing once again anonymous sources -- as if they haven't been wrong enough recently --reporting tonight that the special counsel, Robert Mueller, is actually looking into possible obstruction of justice by the president.
Now, you've got to keep in mind the same newspaper, The Washington Post that has been wrong time and time again, just in the last six weeks, when it comes to breaking so-called new stories about the president.
For example, The Post was dead wrong when they reported the Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein threatened to quit because of James Comey's firing. Rosenstein actually said the exact opposite on camera at a TV station in Washington, D.C.
Then, The Washington Post flat out wrong about James Comey asking for more resources for the Russian investigation just before he was fired. The acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe later testified under oath that never happened. They had enough money.
And of course The Washington Post, they're not the only members of this destroy-Trump media that we've been talking about that has gotten it wrong over and over again. ABC, CNN, The New York Times, they have all done the exact same thing.
So tonight, and over the next few days, when the media predictably is going to breathlessly and hyperventilate all kinds of reports and brand-new black helicopters and tinfoil hat conspiracy theories to you, the American people, as they lie again, remember they have zero credibility left. And it's only a matter of time before this too will be debunked like everything else they've reported in pretty much the last 11 months.
Now, here is the only massive issue being ignored in all of this. We have actual crimes, actual collusion, that needs to be fully completed, investigated, and prosecuted. And they have nothing to do with President Trump or his administration. James Comey testified Loretta Lynch tried to influence the FBI's Clinton email investigation. That is called obstruction of justice. Comey also may have broken the law. Remember, we talked about 18 USC-4, 18 USC-641. If he thought it was obstruction, he had a moral and legal obligation to tell people immediately.
Robert Mueller, this guy has more conflicts of interest than, by the way, we can count on this show, which also are violations of federal law. Mueller and Comey have been close friends for a long time. Comey admitted he leaked the memo to the New York Times to the press, hoping it would bring about a special counsel, which, by the way, turned out to be his best buddy, his BFF, Robert Mueller.
Now, Fox News previously reported Comey's testimony last week was, quote, "closely coordinated with the special counsel." These are massive conflicts of interest that cannot be ignored. According to my colleague, Gregg Jarrett, Comey and Mueller's relationship may in fact violate two laws. We're putting them up on the side of your screen right now. You can read them.
And it gets worse. Mueller's investigative team -- let's see, three people donated to Democrats, including Hillary and Obama, and one investigator, the very same lawyer that represented Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation, and, by the way, tried to oppose Freedom of Information Act requests.
Now, speaking, by the way, of the Clintons, we know Hillary Clinton committed felonies with her email private server scandals. If the Democrats want to talk about collusion, great. Let's talk about it and take a look at the collusion with Vladimir Putin, Uranium One, 20 percent of the foundational material to make nuclear weapons. While serving as secretary of state, she signed off on a waiver giving 20 percent of that uranium to Putin, to the Russians, all while people involved in that deal were funneling millions of dollars back to the Clinton Foundation. There you go, Russia conspiracy. And her husband doubled his speaking fees in Moscow.
And by the way, what we are seeing now -- this is so deep, it's a deep state. They want retribution. This is now about an unelected part of your government looking to overturn the results of a duly elected president. By the way, whoever leaked this information to The Washington Post -- unnamed sources, five of them, unnamed sources -- they need to be arrested, prosecuted, and put in jail.
It is time once and for all, we have got to get a grip on Obama deep state holdovers, every one of the need to go or this will never end. And those people that are leaking top-secret information, special access information, classified information, and Comey, Clinton, and Lynch, all need to be prosecuted based on just the facts as we know them now. And Mueller and Rod Rosenstein? Recuse themselves. Resign immediately.
Here with reaction, Fox News anchor and attorney Gregg Jarrett. He's from New York tonight. And here in Alexandria, from the American Center for Law and Justice and also an attorney for the president, Jay Sekulow, and from "Circa News," Sara Carter. I don't get to see you guys often, good to see you.
Let me start with you. Anything I got wrong?
Wait a minute, nobody has read this fully. I read it four times.
Thank you.
He needs to go, right or wrong?
He needs to go.
All right, I'll say it. He needs to go.
Where is the special counsel, investigator, prosecutor for the people that met on the tarmac, a woman by the name of Loretta Lynch, the very same woman that apparently according to information Comey presented to Lynch had already decided to collude with Clinton and put the kibosh?
And he did it.
Oh, my God.
Gregg, we love you back in New York, obviously with the breaking news tonight. I'm promise Gregg Jarrett get a full when we get back. Jay Sekulow, Sara Carter, as we continue, Alexandria, Virginia, the site of where there was an attempted assassination of Republicans today, and of course praying for the victims.
Welcome back to Hannity broadcasting live tonight. We're in Alexandria, Virginia as we continue with Gregg Jarrett, Jay Sekulow, Sara Carter. Gregg, I'm so sorry. We've been long, obviously, for breaking news.
You sent me a note today that I thought hit so many good points. I will let you explain.
He must recuse.
And hiring Clinton's lawyer, and Obama, Clinton donors, Gregg, seriously?
What about Rosenstein?
I think the three of us, I'm sorry, the four of us, the three of you, are the only people that seemed to be talking about the real issues here. Go ahead. What's going on?
What about Loretta Lynch's investigation? Why isn't Hillary in jail, Jay?
This is the 50th leak though, Jay.
Where is James Comey's investigation, Loretta Lynch's investigation? How does Hillary get to commit felonies?
Sara?
Everything is ass-backwards here. They are investigating the wrong people. And the country has been lied to at a profound level.
Real quick.
Dual standard of justice by James Comey, the Clinton standard and the rest of us standard. And Comey should be investigated. Loretta Lynch should be investigated. These other two should recuse themselves and get out.
Worse than that, agreed.
All right, when we come back, we are going wrap things up. A very tough day here, Alexandria, Virginia. It's "Hannity" on the road. Thanks for being with us. We'll continue.
All right, that's going to wrap things up from Alexandria, Virginia, tonight. Again, our thoughts and prayers with Congressman Scalise and all the other victims and their families tonight. As always, thank you for being with us. And we will see you back here from Washington, D.C. Stay tuned. Tucker Carlson is live next. We'll see you tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 174  ***************************************************
 Donald Trump and Ted Cruz trade jabs in the battle for New York State.
Monica Crowley, Herman Cain, Eboni Williams are all here tonight with reaction.
Then in a "Hannity" exclusive, David Webb exposes who the left-wing agitators are protesting outside of Trump's New York rallies.
And Bernie Sanders slamming Hillary Clinton as unfit to be president as the Democratic race turns nasty. Plus, Hillary Clinton tries to be one of the people. She rides the New York subway, but she's never used a Metro card before. Slight problem.
"Hannity" starts right here, right now.
And welcome to "Hannity." And tonight, the New York primaries are only 12 days away, and the Republican candidates are hitting the campaign trail hard in the battle for the state's 95 delegates. Now, Donald Trump -- he had a huge rally on Long Island last night and took a major shot at Senator Ted Cruz for his, quote, "New York values" comments. Take a look.
Now, despite the criticism from Trump, Senator Ted Cruz -- he's not shying away from attacking the GOP front-runner. Let's take a look.
All right, here with reaction, the author of "The Right Problems," FOX news contributor Herman Cain. Also with us, FOX News contributors Monica Crowley and Eboni Williams.
All right, let's start with taking a look at the polls, the home court advantage, New York, latest poll. We've got Monmouth University, Trump 52, Kasich 25, Cruz 17. If you look at the Quinnipiac poll in Pennsylvania, it's Trump 39, Cruz 30, Kasich 24. And California is Trump 39, Cruz 32, Kasich 18.
All right, Eboni, does the New York values issue hurt Cruz in New York?
I don't like the New York taxes thing, but that's a different story.
You know, Monica, if you look at the argument that goes back and forth between Cruz and Trump, Cruz points out Trump's past political positions, and Trump is saying, Well, no, I'm a conservative, these are my values, this is what I represent, I'd never run for office before. So he calls him Lyin' Ted because he feels his positions are being misrepresented.
Is either one of those two actually winning that argument?
But then that also now raises the question, Herman Cain, why is John Kasich in the race? Because John Kasich, you got to argue, if he pulls -- what is he running now in New York, 25 percent, he gets that 25 percent. That probably hurts the odds of Donald Trump getting over that 50 percent threshold.
9, 9 and 9?
I'm sorry, I couldn't resist!
Yes, that's true.
That's true, Neal Boortz. Go ahead.
Yes.
All right, now, not only is Trump -- we'll get to this in the next segment because we sent David Webb to the Long Island rally of Donald Trump. But in the Bronx, Ted Cruz did an event. It wasn't really well attended, about 100 people. But he had protesters there. This is what went down.
People are dying from climate change? Well, welcome to New York. I guess that's your...
There's the Welcome Wagon if you haven't been here in a while.
You know...
And I know, for example, in Wisconsin, Monica, that the, quote, "establishment" got behind Ted Cruz. Isn't it really out of convenience, not a love for Cruz? In other words, that the establishment's plan is to stop Trump first, but they really want to stop Cruz, too?
And at the end of the day, when it's time, if he gets too close to the nomination, they'll be doing the same thing to him.
Yes.
All right. Herman Cain, we're going to get into this whole rule 40 battle and debate, which should be changed by the rules committee before the convention. But lot of people are nervous because prominent people that we'll get into, John Boehner, for example's, talked about Scott Walker-- I'm sorry, Paul Ryan, and Scott Walker has talked about Paul Ryan. And then you've got John Kasich's whole strategy, and Karl Rove has weighed in.
All right, question...
If -- if one of the two has a lead in delegates, states won and votes, and they bypass that person, but they didn't get to 1,237, how angry do you think the supporters of that candidate will be?
They're saying drop dead.
Yes.
Well said.
All right, guys. Good to see you all.
And coming up, well, we'll talk about the idea of what a contested convention will look like. We'll talk about rule 40-B that Herman Cain was just talking about. Will that determine the party's nominee? We'll explain that.
And also coming up tonight...
David Webb went out with the protesters outside of Donald Trump's rally in Long Island last night. What are they so upset about? We'll show you the video. It's pretty entertaining.
Plus...
Bernie Sanders saying Hillary's not qualified. Things are getting really ugly on the Democratic site. So we'll get to that, and also, Juan Williams, Doug Schoen will weigh in as we continue on this busy news night tonight here on "Hannity."
And welcome back to "Hannity." All right, the odds of a contested Republican convention in July are now growing, and according to a new report from The Washington Post, Donald Trump is planning to hire, quote, "seasoned operatives" to help navigate a possible convention battle.
But there's also been a lot of talk about what rules are going to be adopted in Cleveland, like, for example, rule 40-B, which was temporarily put into place at the 2012 convention and states in part, quote, "Each candidate for nomination for president of the United States and vice president of the United States shall demonstrate the support of a majority of the delegates from each of eight or more states severally prior to the presentation of the name of that candidate for nomination."
So what does that all mean? Here with reaction, chairman of the American Conservative Union Matt Schlapp and senior correspondent at The Washington Examiner David Drucker. Good to see you both.
All right, Matt, you were in a meeting, apparently, discussing how a lot of this is going to go down. A lot of speculation about what happened in that meeting. Can you share with us what happened and what was said?
All right, but I guess the reason -- there's legitimate reason for concern.
Why? John Boehner says, Oh, you can nominate anybody you want on the floor of the convention, and he wants Paul Ryan. And in a private meeting, I'm told, Scott Walker suggested the same thing. Karl Rove talked about somebody that hadn't run as a consensus candidate. There's been numerous articles written about Paul Ryan being that possible nominee.
John Kasich's entire strategy is based on a contested convention and leapfrogging over people with millions of more votes, states won and hundreds of more delegates. So there's real reason for people to sense that there's something untoward about to happen.
All right, David, let's go back to rule 40 for a second...
... because I think the question comes up, do you need, to be considered for nomination, as of now, eight-state majority? Do you need that eight-state threshold to be considered to be a nominee? Because if you do, there's only two people that qualify, and that would be Donald Trump and Ted Cruz.
But isn't it kind of dumb to set the rules for the convention after the voting has taken place?
By Ron Paul.
Now, Matt, George Will had a good column out today where he points out that the person that's actually winning this ground game and fighting that delegate fight is Ted Cruz. And he's going -- they're having conversations, apparently, with every delegate about second and third votes now, and I don't know if Donald Trump and John Kasich are, but according to Will, they're not, not to the extent that Cruz is.
Here's the question. Let's say that candidate A, rather than mentioning names, has 1,230 -- or let's say 1,200 delegates going into the convention, bound on the first vote. Let's say candidate B has 800 or 850. Let's say candidate C has 200. Now, if on the first ballot, candidate A, who has a significant lead but doesn't have 1,237, doesn't win and either B or C candidate end up getting the nomination, don't you think candidate A's supporters are going to be pissed off and maybe not show up in November?
Well, what if it's -- what if it's 300 or 400 delegate difference and they still don't go with candidate A?
Yes.
If we don't get that moment -- so that means the Cruz supporters that hate the Trump supporters and the Trump supporters that hate the Cruz supporters -- you're saying if they don't come together...
... it's going to be a disaster.
I agree with you.
I agree with you. Thanks for being with us. All right, I hope that clears that up for you. It's confusing, very confusing.
Coming up next on this busy news night tonight on "Hannity"...
So last night, we sent David Webb to speak once again with left- wing agitators. They were protesting outside a Trump rally in Long Island, New York. We'll play you that tape coming up.
And later tonight...
Bernie Sanders saying again and again Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be the president of the United States. Things are getting nasty in the Democratic race. We'll check in with Juan Williams and Doug Schoen, and much more later tonight on "Hannity."
All right, welcome back to "Hannity." So last night, Donald Trump had a huge rally in Long Island, New York, and naturally, another horde of left-wing agitators showed up to protest the GOP front-runner. But we wanted to find out what exactly what they're so unhappy and angry about, so we bravely sent David Webb once again into the middle of these demonstrations to find out the answer. Let's take a look.
Here with reaction, former NYPD detective Bo Dietl, from the New York Civil Rights Coalition Mike Meyers, and the man in the middle of it -- we risk his life every time we do this -- FOX News contributor and Sirius XM Patriot radio host David Webb.
So what is their main beef? You know...
What if you don't build a wall?
That support Trump.
Wow.
They don't have any.
Mike, you -- even though you claim you're a Democrat, or a liberal...
All right. Sorry to hear that.
You know, does this not embarrass you as a liberal?
Do you like Trump?
Would you vote for Trump?
What does your conscience tell you?
Here's the thing. How many people went to the rally last night? How many thousands...
How many people went to the rally last night?
Let me get Bo in. Let me...
Let me get Bo in.
Hold on.
But they're incoherent.
Let me play this. Now, Bill Clinton contradicted Hillary Clinton on the idea that things are great. He says everything is coming apart in the world. And then he's confronted by Black Lives Matter in Philly. Watch these two together.
Yes, what's interesting about this, it's almost another Sister Souljah moment. Something -- remember, Obama invited Black Lives Matter into the White House. Real quick, your reaction.
What if Donald Trump said that? What if Donald Trump said that, Mike Myers?
They care about politics.
I've Got to break.
Coming up next tonight on HANNITY --
Now the Democratic race is turning ugly. Senator Bernie Sanders lists the reasons why Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president. Juan Williams, Doug Schoen next.
Then later, Hillary Clinton tried to be an average New Yorker today and she actually tried to ride the subway. Big problem, though, she didn't know they removed tokens 13 years ago and we now have metro cards. She couldn't get in. We'll continue. We've got the video.
Welcome back to HANNITY. The Democratic race for the White House has gotten very nasty in recent days. Now, yesterday in Philadelphia, Bernie Sanders had this to say about this rival, Hillary Clinton. Take a look.
By the way, Hillary responded earlier today, and here's what she said.
All right, here with reaction, Democratic strategist, FOX News contributor Doug Schoen, author of "We the People: The Modern Day Figures Who Have Reshaped and Affirmed the Founding Father's Vision of America," co-host of ‘The Five,’ Juan Williams. Really, Hillary started it, though. "I'm not even sure he's a Democrat." Then any time you see James Carville, the raging Cajun, the pit bull, they send him out, and he went out there and he said Sanders failed the loyalty test for Democrats. Then Sanders punched back.
By the way, it's one thing to say that maybe you're better qualified. He's saying she's not qualified.
Wait a minute. But the crowds were screaming when he said after each issue, "she's not qualified, she's not qualified." Now, what's interesting, out of Wisconsin, 25 percent of Democrats there, Bernie supporters won't support Hillary.
But she's fallen 40 points in New York. And now it's a race in New York.
He was actually born in Brooklyn, New York.
Yes, he is. He said, by way, he's the son of Brooklyn. He had John Weaver -- I'm sorry, Jeff Weaver on TV over the weekend saying he's a son of New York, born in New York, he knows the rough and tumble of New York. And if that's the kind of campaign they want to run, he's fully prepared.
Six of the last seven.
And 82, 18 percent in Alaska, 70, 30 Washington, 73, 27.
Hang on one second.
She can't afford to anger his base. And I'll tell you why.
Because if you look at Bernie Sanders, you strip away that corrupt system that you guys have in the Democratic Party, and it's corrupt, the super delegates --
Correct.
Yes.
Can I --
Can I remind you, she's not running against some young new fresh face, dynamic, articulate, you know --
She's running -- that's my point. She's running against an angry 74-year-old curmudgeon --
Sorry to hear about that.
Bill Clinton. What about Hillary?
Are you proud of working for Hillary?
Are you proud that you work for her?
Wow.
All right, we've got to go. Good to see you both.
He's a Democrat.
And how is that, Doug?
Coming up, Hillary Clinton tries to act like a New Yorker. It didn't work out so well. She tried to ride the subway. By the way, had some tough time swiping her little metro card there. Is there really a better way to win the battle for the empire state? Jedediah Bila, Jessica Tarlov, they react, next.
Welcome back to HANNITY. So the Democratic primary in New York is less than two weeks away. Earlier today Hillary took a ride on the New York City subway. Well, as you can see, only after seriously struggling to get through the turnstile. But not to worry. Hillary did eventually make it onto the subway where she was surrounded by Secret Service, reporters, and of course a couple of fans.
So is she trying to act like an average New Yorker? Remember, this is a woman who hasn't driven a car in over 20 years. Joining us now with reaction Democratic strategist Jessica Tarlov and Fox News contributor Jedediah Bila. Look, she doesn't need a subway.
But Bernie Sanders hasn't lived in New York. And let's be fair. She didn't know how to swipe. She must think it's tokens, too because she couldn't work it.
That's really a big deal.
Excuse me, I never have a problem swiping my metro card.
The Secret Service would be ordered to take me out. Are you kidding? I don't think I'd last 30 seconds.
You have a fun opportunity tomorrow, you're going to be guest hosting on "The View." And Bernie Sanders is the guest. Does he know you're going to be there?
I feel sorry for him, you may be surprised, because why, because of the corrupt Democratic primary system has given 460-some odd delegates to Hillary and only 31 for poor Bernie.
But it is not the people choosing, is it?
Sounds right. Strip it away, strip it away the party apparatus.
She has 460 something of them, and he has 31.
But she only has a 200 pledge delegate lead in the voting, so people are out of sync with the super delegate, corrupt, infrastructure of the Democratic Party.
With all due respect, 202 delegates, but she has almost all of the super delegates.
I feel that, don't you think Bernie is getting robbed?
All right, so you're going to ask Bernie tomorrow. You tell Bernie that Sean Hannity thinks he's getting robbed by the Democratic Party.
Listen, I don't like corruption. If they're usurping the will of the people and disenfranchising the people, it's corrupt.
I'm looking at my numbers. It's actually 250 she's ahead.
He's won six out of seven. He's competing in New York in a way that nobody thought.
Do you think in any way she's an honest person?
Do you think she is trustworthy, because 65 --
I didn't ask you that. Most, 65 percent of Americans think she's dishonest and untrustworthy.
Are they wrong?
It's a bad question.
So the 65 percent of Americans that think she's dishonest and untrustworthy are wrong?
Isn't that a horrible question.
Can you list her accomplishments?
Yes, the time is up.
Jedediah is going to be defending Bernie tomorrow. We need your help. Our "Question of the Day" is next.
Time for our "Question of the Day." Do you think either Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton, either of them, is qualified to be president? No. But we want to know who you do think. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think. Unfortunately that is all the time we have left this evening. Thank you for being with us. Yes, we'll see you back here next time. Thanks for being with us.
Content and Programming Copyright 2016 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 175  ***************************************************
 All right. Historic day by any measure. I will have a lot more. That call is very insightful. I will address that in my opening monologue in a few minutes.
But joining us now first with more on this major breaking news live at the Pentagon tonight.
Jennifer Griffin, turns out a lot of people might have been taken off guard and from what I hear -- well, Secretary Mattis had to come out of an important meeting.
All right. Jennifer, as always, thank you.
Joining me now with reaction, former deputy assistant to the president, Fox News national security strategist, Sebastian Gorka, and former Secret Service agent, NRA TV contributor, Dan Bongino.
Dr. Gorka, we start with you.
You know, everybody that has been so critical, oh, rocket man. I can assure and I will address this in my monologue tonight, I can assure the world that he is not going to be offering $150 billion in cash and other foreign currencies. Nor will he be offering what Bill Clinton gave Kim Jong Un's father, Kim Jong Il, and that was energy and billions of dollars.
Well said.
And, Dan Bongino, by showing strength and a commitment, one thing that I don't think a lot of people have understood is the affect, the impact, these sanctions have had. China, the president's relationship with China has put a lot of pressure. And China has withdrawn a lot of their financial support and trade as it relates to North Korea. That has played a part in it.
And also, America's military force in the region as shown by the president. It was no question what the consequences would be if Kim Jong Un continued what he was doing in firing these missiles. He was precipitating a crisis.
The president would strike. It would have happened. It was inevitable.
You know, very predictably, Dr. Gorka, the left only seems to like it if we are bowing and kissing the rings of murdering dictators and offering them bribes. While offering bribes with Bill Clinton and Kim Jong Il didn't work. It's not going to work with the mullahs in Tehran.
And this president took a different response. And it absolutely sent the media in this country, they were apoplectic over the fact that he called little rocket man, little rocket man. Make fun of him, yes, our weapons actually work and we have a lot more than you do and you are going to pay a very severe price.
But the one consistent thing that we sees a we look through history is that capitulation and appeasement never works. Peace through strength. It's not just a slogan. It is a philosophy. And the only way to get respect is to stand strong in the face of tyranny.
Let me go, Dan Bongino to the actual statement. I think this is really profound and I brought this up with John Roberts. And John Roberts insight into the president -- I'm not trying to start a war. I want peace here.
But peace doesn't begin by begging dictators to be nice to us. We are nice to you and bribe you will you please be nice back. But this is bigger than just stopping the nuclear testing and the missile testing that's been going on. This is about denuclearization.
And in the meantime, the joint exercises continue with South America and our allies. In the meantime, the sanctions continue. The president has given up nothing. And it seems like little rocket man blinked and blinked big time tonight because it's been working and he sees this as a real threat.
Yes, remember during the Olympics, oh, Kim Jong Un's sister made Mike Pence look bad, which never happened. That was the media's narrative. Oh my God, he is provoking World War III. He said little rocket man.
One thing that it seems that we forget is we are the United States of America. We have the meanest, toughest military on the face of this earth. Reminding dictators that they cannot intimidate us is not a bad foreign policy.
But, if it encourages them to reach out for peace, we offer our hand in peace because the world ultimately is better off for our children and grandchildren. It's not that complicated, Dr. Gorka.
Absolutely. I will get to that later in the program tonight. Well said.
Dr. Gorka, thank you. Dan Bongino, thank you.
Joining us with more reaction, the host of 'War Stories', Colonel Oliver North.
Let me -- let me pick up with Dr. Gorka was saying. It's interesting to watch the media reaction to the president and not only wanting free trade but also wanting fair trade and saying that there has got to be reciprocity. Knowing this president as well as I do, you know him well, Colonel North, he's the consummate constant negotiator. And what he's doing is, well, he exempted Canada and Mexico, and he said, oh, and every other country is open for renegotiation. The whole thing is a negotiation.
And similarly here, he obviously never wanted to go to war with North Korea. But nor was he going to give an inch to Kim Jong Un and his dictatorial practices and his intimidation and his supposed show of force with his missile launches.
As well as anybody, you understand and you spent an entire life either involved fighting on the battlefield, being with troops and heroes on the battlefield and also the work that you did in Iran when you were handed by your government a suicide pill in case god forbid that you had to take it. I never understood the mentality.
Everybody praised Barack Obama, he wins the Nobel Peace Prize, $150 billion in cash and other currencies. Bill Clinton thought it would work with North Korea and Kim Jong Il. It didn't work. He still has nuclear weapons and we got to the point where we are today.
What is it about the left in America that doesn't seem to understand you cannot bribe a murdering dictatorous (ph) regime?
There's no downside. Could you tell me -- all right. Sanctions continue. The joint exercises continue. You have a promise before May that at least from now until May is not going to be firing any missiles or test firing them. What else the downside? I don't see one.
The minute they lie, the minute the deal is taken off the table.
It will be magnificent for the world.
Donald Trump could give everybody in the world $5 million and they would still criticize him.
All right. Colonel, safe home. Appreciated you.
This is a Fox News alert.
Major breaking news tonight: a huge foreign policy win for President Trump. Little rocket man blinks.
Now, the president's tough rhetoric, his bold action, his severe sanctions, they appear to be working tonight. President Trump is accepting an invitation to meet with the North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un by May and Pyongyang is agreeing to stop all nuclear and missile tests while these talks are underway. And the sanctions, they will continue.
Plus, this is a huge development. The lawyer for the Uranium One informant is confirming tonight, just moments ago, that in fact the FBI field office in Little Rock, Arkansas is, in fact, investigating the Clinton Foundation. Now, this comes after Democrats tried to discredit the FBI informant with the deceptive leaks.
We'll have a lot more on tonight's breaking news opening monologue.
All right. The media liberals -- they are looking like complete fools tonight because they are once again turning out to be completely wrong about President Trump. The commander-in-chief's leadership is now leading to a major foreign policy breakthrough as it relates to North Korea. This is what we call peace through strength in action.
The president is causing little rocket man to back down. It's something that President Obama, other presidents all failed to do. President Trump's tough words, his actions are now starting to yield positive results and hopefully, this will end in the protection of America and, of course, the world and the region in particular.
Trump's extremely tough sanctions, they have now backed Kim Jong Un into a corner. He was forced to capitulate. It's a long way to go. We've got to be cautious, trust but verify, but meeting with Kim Jong Un under the pretense that he will stop all nuclear missile testing, this is a good start.
For months, President Trump has been putting immense pressure on North Korea. Take a look.
Of course, the media mocked, the media ridiculed President Trump for daring to stamp up to a brutal murdering dictator. You may remember this.
They would have rather if he bowed and kissed the ring of Kim Jong Un or kissed the ring of the mullahs in Iran.
The reason the media did this is because they prefer the policies of Barack Obama and Bill Clintons. Those are policies of appeasement.
The media wanted President Trump to get on bended knee and beg, please be nice to us.
But, of course, President Trump, he didn't do that. He didn't cave. He didn't bow to the liberal pressure and he stood firm as they attacked him until, in fact, Kim Jong Un started backing down. That appears to now be happening.
And, of course, the destroy Trump media, they have been embarrassingly wrong about the entire situation. Just last month, they were mocking, remember, Vice President Mike Pence for not acknowledging Kim Jong Un's sister at the Olympics? Here's how the left -- the liberals reacted and what they said back then.
Remember the media? They also were fawning over Kim Jong Un's sister who is part of a family who slaughters thousands of their own citizens, puts thousands more in death camps and millions are starving. But the truth doesn't matter to the media in this country as usual.
They have been praising evil dictators for decades. Very sad. And as for this upcoming meeting between Kim Jong Un, well, President Trump is showing fearlessness in accepting the invitation. I can assure you, this that President Trump, he will not be repeating the same failed policies of appeasement. We can go back to the 1990s, then President Bill Clinton, remember, he tried to bribe North Korea with billions of dollars in energy subsidies in exchange for a promise that Kim Jong U's father, Kim Jong-il would give up his nuclear program.
Clinton then went on national TV, patting himself on the back and saying this is a good deal for the American people, and they ended up getting nukes anyway. You may remember.
Well, Clinton was wrong. He was naive. He was dumb. And he was gullible. Because North Korea took the money, broke their promises and then they got nuclear weapons. It's a big reason why we find ourselves in the situation we are in today. As for President Barack Obama, well, he borrowed from President Clinton's failed appeasement playbook. He gave the radical uranium mullahs of Iran vowing to destroy America, vowing to destroy Israel, threatening to, you know, destroy and wipe off the face of the earth Israel and burning American flags and Israeli flags. Obama gave them $150 billion and he still allowed them to spin their centrifuges. Here is Obama, here's him capitulating to Tehran, take a look.
Another naive failed policy, because just like Clinton, Obama's disastrous deal is doomed to fail. They are still threatening to wipe Israel off the face of the earth and destroy the United States of America. And by the way 150 billion of your tax dollars go to people that hate us and will never make a deal with us under those circumstances. Beyond naive. It never works. Appeasement never works.
President Trump and his upcoming meeting, from now until May, the world will probably be a little bit safer. The media should be giving President Trump credit for that and the White House is making clear tonight that until this meeting happens, the Trump administration will not be easing up on North Korea.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders put out a statement it reads, quote, 'President Trump greatly appreciates the nice words of the South Korean delegation and President Moon, he will accept the invitation to meet with Kim Jong Un at a place and time to be determined. We look forward to the denuclearization of North Korea. In the meantime all sanctions and maximum pressure must remain that includes joint field operations.'
That also means if Kim Jong Un dares to resume conducting nuclear missile tests then talks are off the table. They is exactly what Ronald Reagan said when he said trust but verify, and its trust but verify policy. Do I trust Kim Jong Un? Nope. Do I trust North Korea and the regime? Absolutely not. But the President's strength made this meeting possible. Made today possible. Made it possible for a better tomorrow. And I can assure you this. He is not going to be bringing bribes to North Korea or strike a bad deal.
Also breaking tonight, and this is huge. A massive development to a major scandal that the media has been ignoring and we have been covering. Victoria Toensing, who will join us tomorrow, she is the lawyer for the Uranium One informant. And she is confirming tonight that the FBI field office in Little Rock, Arkansas is, in fact, investigating the Clinton Foundation. Victoria Toensing is saying that her client, this is the informant, he had infiltrated Putin's network in America when they were involved in bribery, extortion, kickbacks and money laundering. William Campbell, she is saying he was interviewed by the FBI about the Clinton foundation back in December of last year. This comes after Democrats tried today the damage the credibility of this informant with a smear peaceful of selective leaks and it just proves how Democrats are scared and they will do anything and everything to protect Bill and Hillary Clinton.
By the way I would like to remind them they have the right to remain silent.
And when we come back, the Attorney General Jeff Sessions, he says is he seriously considering the appointment of a second special counsel as it relates to FISA abuses and of course, the Clinton email server scandal. President Trump's attorney, Jay Sekulow, he reacts exclusively next.
All right. Big breaking news moments ago, Victoria Toensing, she is the attorney for the uranium one informant is confirming to this show tonight that in fact the FBI is investigating the Clinton foundation and meanwhile Democrats are doing everything think can do to try to discredit. Remember, the informant, they are selectively leaking information to their friends in the left wing media. We also have other breaking news from the Attorney General Jeff Sessions. He was on last night with our own Shannon Bream when he said that he is seriously now considering appointing a second special counsel, tick tock, watch this.
This is huge news. Joining us with reaction, he is the chief counsel for the American Center of Law and Justice and attorney to the President of the United States Jay Sekulow. I want to go back, Jay if I may, over these comments, he said in this interview last night, I have appointed a person outside of Washington, many years at the Department of Justice, looking at the allegations that the House Judiciary Committee members sent us and we are conducting that investigation and he stated he is well aware we have a responsibility to ensure the integrity of the FISA process. This is a huge development.
Jay, my sources at the Department of Justice, they have been very clear that in their view, I disagree with it. I think we have -- there is enough evidence that we know now that would warrant and justify a special counsel. But the feeling has been we got to wait for the I.G. report to come out. Then, of course, DOJ attorneys have to look at it, then they would consider the appointment of a special counsel. It seems unbeknownst to all of us that is Jeff Sessions was doing a lot more than any of us knew.
The FISA law is very clear. FBI protocols have very clear that they have legal, moral, ethical, even by their own standards, obligation to verify and corroborate any materials that are sent before a FISA court, it seems to me there were a lot of issues at play here and exoneration before an investigation, months before. That is unheard of. Secondly, if you have.
What happened to the computers?
But this is the point. The FISA warrant, it was unverified, they didn't follow the FISA law. They didn't file the FBI protocols. James Comey allowed it to happen. They never told a Judge it was bought and paid for by Hillary Clinton. That is lying by omission. Then he tells Donald Trump, just before he is inaugurated it's salacious and unverified. They are telling a court in October, they are putting all the faith and credibility of their department on this.
Unbelievable.
All right. Jay Sekulow, thank you so much for joining us. We appreciate it. A lot of breaking news. When we come back, Tomi Lahren hitting the streets of California. What do the people think about the Oakland mayor and that state's liberal immigration laws and putting law enforcement at risk? Straight ahead.
All right, earlier this week, the Trump administration sued the state of California for its failure to comply with federal immigration law. So we sent our own Tomi Lahren out to Los Angeles to find out what California residents think. This ought to be interesting. Take a look.
All right. Joining us with more is Fox News contributor Tomi Lahren and Catalina Magazine publisher Cathy Areu. Do you believe in the rule of law?
Ok. Is it illegal to enter this country, I asked you the last time?
Without permission in this country, it's illegal, right? It's illegal. Don't make me do this again.
Are there people who broke our laws and don't respect American law? That is what I'm trying to get out of you. It's a simple question.
I went down to Texas, 642,000 Texans were victims of crime by illegal immigrants in the seven year period. Do you even care?
Do you care about those Texans?
Do you care about Kate Steinle's family? Do you care about Kate Steinle's family?
You are like one big long run on sentence that says nothing.
Do you have an alarm?
Tomi?
This is 11 million illegal immigrants and 13.5 percent of the crime population comes from the community of only 3.5 percent.
That is from the U.S. government, in case you are interested.
We have 3.5 percent of the population commits 13.5 percent of the crime.
Tomi, I don't know how do you this every week and talk to people that don't make sense.
All right. I'm about to do a shot of whiskey. Have a beer. More Hannity next.
All right. That is all the time we have left this evening. As always, we want to thank you for being with us. We will always be fair and balance. We are not the left wing destroy Trump media. We have major breaking news tomorrow night. Tell your friends. This is huge. There is a Clinton foundation investigation. And another story that I can't tell you about until tomorrow. By the way, we just started our Instagram page on top of that Sean Hannity at twitter and hannity.com. Just go check it out for yourself. We will throw a pictures of Laura Ingraham that will drive a lot traffic.

show#: 176  ***************************************************
 Now, last night we also saw fans in the crowd making it clear they are not spending their hard-earn money to see players disparage the anthem, flag and the military. Now, take a look at some of the signs that fans were holding. "Protest on your own time, not on my dime." Here is another. And it simply reads "we stand." Another fan held up an American flag. I say good for them. You know what?
It's really not that hard to see what is going on here. In business, don't you have to serve all of your customers? The NFL is now making a killing during football season. Now, you include the price of tickets, parking, beer, what is it, $15 a beer? Hot dogs, jerseys for the kids. A family of four, they are spending what? Seven, 800 bucks to go to one single game? It is a big deal for them. Now people spend that kind of money because they want to have a good time.
Not necessarily see players making political statements that they likely disagree with in some cases. And when the fans are holding up signs and they're shouting at the protesters on the field and booing them and disagreeing with them, well, I only see one solution for the NFL. Listen to your customers. Serve your customers. Or you risk losing your customers. A brand new Fox News poll shows a majority of you, the American people, you agree with the President on this issue.
Fifty five percent say, it is inappropriate to kneel during our national anthem. Now the Pittsburgh Steelers apparently are finally listening to the fans. And one of their well-known players is now saying that the team will in fact stand for the anthem this Sunday. Now, this comes after every player on the team stayed in the locker room last week except for one. And that was the former army ranger Alejandro Villanueva.
Now, the Saints quarterback Drew Brees, he tweeted this, as a way to show respect to all, our Saints team will kneel in solidarity prior to the national anthem and stand together during the anthem. Okay. That's great. The team is choosing to stand. And will not disrespect the flag or the anthem. But let's unpack this for a second here. Now, the Saints game is going to be played on foreign soil this weekend.
In London. In England. Now should American sports team like you saw last weekend really be making political statements like that over the seas? When the Jaguars and Ravens played, let's see, they kneeled for the "Star Spangled Banner," the national anthem and they stood for "God Save the Queen." Now, like I have been saying, until things change with the NFL, Saturday is now my day for football. Also, while NFL players did not protest before the anthem last night, take a look at what Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said after the game. Watch this.
All right. I got a news flash for Aaron Rodgers, other players, politicians, members of the media claiming protests have nothing to do with the flag, the national anthem or the military. Okay, take a look at what Colin Kaepernick, the guy that started all of this said back in 2016. Quote, "I'm not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color. To me, this is bigger than football. And it would be selfish on my part to look the other way. There are bodies in the street and people are getting literally, paid leave and getting away with murder."
So unlike the false narrative that is being spread around, Kaepernick's protest was all about the flag. But, of course, the main stream media, they are never going to tell you about that. Just like he had socks that he was wearing that portrayed police officers as pigs. Why? Because it goes against the political talking point of the left. There is also this stunning headline from the "Washington Times."
Quote, "Colin Kaepernick donated $25,000 to a group honoring a convicted cop killer." Now, the cop killer they are talking about is Joanne Chesimard, she has escaped prison and fled to Cuba after being convicted of murder back in the 1970s. Now, we checked with Kaepernick's own website and it does confirm he donated $25,000 to that group. Where is the outrage over that? And the socks? Where are the protests?
We did invite Colin Kaepernick on the show. We are told he is not doing interviews at this time. He is open airways right here. Colin, come on the program.
Also tonight, the NFL is showing stunning hypocrisy over the issue. Now, take a look at this quote from an article written by Mark Thiessen that we showed you earlier in the week. The NFL's game operations manual, their own manual says, quote, "All players must be on the sideline for the national anthem. They must stand at attention. They must face the flag. Hold helmets in their left hand and refrain from talking or face discipline. Such as, fines, suspensions, and/or forfeiture of draft choices. First offense."
So, according to that, the NFL's own rules say the players should be standing for the national anthem. And if that is the case, then the NFL commissioner Roger Goodell, all he has to do is enforce his league's own rules. But it doesn't appear he is willing to do that. Goodell this week met with owners and players to talk about the controversy. But take a look at a portion of this news report.
Do you know how many people died fighting under that flag?
It's fine?
Okay.
But you didn't answer any question. Spencer, you're not answering my question.
You are in Afghanistan, you are fighting and you may die fighting under that flag. You are watching the NFL, and they are kneeling for the national anthem while the flag is flying but they will stand for "God Save the Queen." What are you thinking if you are in Afghanistan?
The players did it.
They understand. Hundreds of thousands of Americans. And I'll go to Burgess, hundreds of thousands died fighting under the flag.
The fans are thankful for the military and what they did and they want to honor them.
The cops depicted as pig.
And he celebrates a murderous thug like --
All right. Let's bring Burgess in to be fair. Burgess?
What about, what about -- he supported Castro. Just Google Colin Kaepernick, Castro and he is praising a murderer and a dictator.
All right. Last word --
We'll see what happens this week and we'll invite you both back on Monday.
I hope you can join us. I have great respect for both of you. Thank you both for being with us.
When we come back, part two of my exclusive interview with the one and only Rush Limbaugh. And I have a special message tonight for all of you. That's straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So, yesterday as you know we traveled to Florida to interview the king of talk radio. One of the conservative thought leaders in the country for the last 30 years, Rush Limbaugh. And here is part two of our exclusive interview.
I talk to friends that I know who sit in the closed door meetings with the Senate.
And you have a bunch of senators in there. I'll name names. Ben Sasse, John McCain. Others, openly hostile towards the President which raises the question, I have always kind of viewed myself as a Reagan conservative. I remember you teaching people about Reagan and taxes and Kennedy and taxes and playing old clips of these things. And I remember, it worked. You just mentioned Reagan. It worked. What do they stand for if they're not going to stand for repeal, replace and this economic plan? And do you believe they really want this plan to go through or they are setting the country up for yet another failure?
Don't they pay a price? They made this promise.
But Rush Limbaugh fans that have been dedicated to you for all these years. You're 30 years now in the radio.
All right. Twenty nine and counting. They're listening to this. They got everything they want. House, Senate and a president that wants to do these things.
I'm deflated at times. I'm deflated they couldn't get healthcare done. Seriously, after seven years you can't get this done?
I think more than anybody, the person in America, you define conservatism, Reagan conservatism. Now we keep hearing, well, this is nationalism, populism. I look at the President's agenda. I have some disagreements. Not many. I think he has a strong agenda of growth that will be good for the originalists on the court, securing the border. You talk about national populism vs. conservatism a lot. Do you see his agenda as conservative, national populism, is there a conflict?
Yes.
We see him that way. Yes.
Yes.
I agree. So really, if you go from seven brackets to three and simplify the tax code. Fifteen, 20 percent corporate rate. Repatriation. I love his energy plan. Energy independence.
That is going to create a lot of jobs in my opinion. And so, the real missing ingredient is he bought in to well we can't, we have to still tax the rich more. They have got enough. That is the missing part of say, the Reagan formula.
And when we come back, a lot more with Rush Limbaugh. We will talk about the deep state. And later Eric Trump is here tonight this Friday, breaking news night.
Welcome back to "Hannity." here is the final part of our exclusive interview with Rush Limbaugh.
You are a student of history, a student of politics. You live, eat and breathe this. Have you ever seen deep state leaks, about one a day? The Democrats hate the president. The Republicans are weak, many of them as you point out, and I think they want him to fail. You have a never Trumper crowd. And then the media. All aligned against him. Ever seen it this bad?
I never seen -- look at the powerful tools of intelligence which we need to keep the country safe. You have surveillance, unmasking, you don't have minimization. Look at the case of General Flynn leaking intelligence, violation of the espionage act. A leak a day, the president has.
I have never seen that in my life.
You said about the President, a speech at the U.N. never before has anybody ever spoken this way to the U.N. It has never happened by an American President. You have North Korea, I think a real threat. This guy is nuts. You have Iran. The Iranian deal will probably be there in five or ten years. The same issues of a radical armed with nuclear weapons and ICBM's. Peace through strength. You believe it. I believe it. How do you deal with foreign policy?
I think he does. I work in the media. I honestly feel at least on cable TV I'm an island unto myself right now. Me and some of my colleagues at Fox. Radio, you are more popular than ever. With all the memes and devices for people to listen to now. You watch media, you have turned over to CNN. You have turned over to MSNBC. The president has taken them on. I watch it and, Rush, they never talk about the forgotten men and women and the people in poverty on food stamps that need jobs. What the election what about. It's Russia, Russia, Russia, Conspiracy, outright lies, calling the president a lie and if you said on your radio show half of what is said daily about then President Obama, the whole left wing in the country would have tried to fire you.
Week? Years.
I'm on at 9:00 now. I hope you are watching.
My last question. You are going to hate this question. So I'm giving you the heads up. You are not going to like this question. Your TV show was big hit. When you come on TV, people want to hear from you. You have the highest rated nationally syndicated radio show in the country. Huge audiences with people listen all sorts of ways. I think people would like to see you on TV. Maybe an hour a week. Would you ever -- I told you, you would hate it.
No. I'm here as an emissary for Fox.
One hour a week. One hour a week. Maybe two.
We changed. I don't have meetings. I have one phone call, the last 20 minutes. That is it.
100 percent.
With all due respect to the producers I tell them where I'm going.
No. We change it up in the last second.
Absolutely. Is that a sign of hope? I told you, you wouldn't like the question. I do know, I think people would love it.
I know you don't do a lot of interviews. Thank you for being on. I love your success. The country learned a lot from you over the years. And as a radio guy you paved the path. I have not had as many slings and arrows because you paved a pretty wide path. You got to take all of those, early on. I remember when you went out there, I remember the Pat Sajek fill-in. You got hit hard. You never stopped and you kept pushing through. It has made it easier for guys like me.
I know.
Three months. All it would take.
McConnell is the worst, Rush. He can't -- how do you not get 50 votes on healthcare after seven and a half years?
Eric Trump is up next. Straight ahead.
That was the President earlier today praising the players and the fans who stood during last night's game that was in Green Bay. Joining us now from the Trump organization, the son of the President. Eric Trump. Good to see you.
First interview since the baby.
Are you tired? Late nights.
Good for you. I thought this was important for the country. I don't know what is going to happen this weekend. I know fans are still mad even at the locking of arms, because they think it is still a type of protest. We are not going to take a stand here and decide as a country there are certain things that will unify us. Our anthem, our flag and remembrance of all those that fought and died fighting for the flag, under that flag. Thoughts?
So many different ways, it's a win and I think it was also a defying moment. Other ways great debate for the country to have. And I think the missing ingredient for this was the number of men that fought under that flag. And what it meant to them. And how much they have given to all of us. We'll see what happens this weekend. I would hope this is the end of it.
Starving. Oppressed.
I don't think your father is ever going to be managed in the sense that he is ever going to make decisions based on anything other than what his heart and gut tells him. I think that is a missing ingredient where people don't know about your father.
I want to play video of an officer, Indianapolis officer, a police officer. He was on a stretcher. He was in the motorcade of the President when they were leaving. Before the President, he heard about the accident. Before he goes wheels up, he made it a point of talking to this man.
The Indianapolis metro police station sent out a tweet. Thank you, @Potus, wheels up to speak to injured Turner.
I'm watching Melania. She is on her way to help people in Texas after hurricane Harvey. Walks out of the White House. The media is so shallow, they are fixated on her shoes. Melania donates Dr. Seuss books, which I assume you will probably be reading to Luke when he is a little bit older. Maybe sooner. You have this librarian write, such a nasty note to Melania. I don't remember, your sister has been a target of this. Kellyanne is a target of this.
Everybody that is close to the President is targeted but Melania now in particular seems to be singled out.
Number one in spending money per pupil.
Green eggs and ham.
It is unfortunate.
So congratulations.
Maybe they can give copies of the books to you and Laura. So you guys can read them.
Congratulations on the baby. Awesome news for both of you.
We have more "Hannity" right after this break.
Welcome back to "Hannity." before we go I want to just take a minute and thank all of you, our very loyal viewers for tuning in. You made us number 1 in all of cable, our first week back at 9:00 p.m. Eastern. I want to tell you, there were people in the establishment destroy Trump media they were hoping and praying we would fail. You made it possible. Just wanted to say thank you very much. Now, every night our promise to you is this. We will be fair, we will be balanced. We are not the establishment destroy-Trump-media, and we'll bring you the stories that they will never tell you about. We have a great week next week, a couple of big surprises. On Monday we will be join by the great one, Mark Levine will join us. Kyle will be with us. We'll be checking in with NFL fans all across the country at games this weekend, and one really big surprise. I hope you'll join us next week. We'll always be fair and balanced. Have a great weekend, and we'll see you back here on Monday. Dana Perino is next, straight ahead.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 177  ***************************************************
 You've seen what has happened when conservatives try to speak there. What was your reaction to that?
Both your videos are amazing. Both you songs are amazing. I am going to post them by the end of this show on Hannity.com.
They're both incredible. So it's got to be scary.
OK, so it's got to be disheartening for you.
All right, so you are both artists. We understand most singers, most performers, most entertainers are liberal. OK, but you are conservative, by the way, which makes me like you more, both of you.
So the question is, and Americans like the fact that wow, there's some people that have their own political thoughts. How hard has it been as supporters of Trump?
Give me an example, Joy.
Has there been an upside? In other words there's another group of people that appreciate the fact that there are entertainers that like the president?
I kind of know it a little.

show#: 178  ***************************************************
 Now, Comey literally explained that Hillary Clinton broke several laws, committed several felonies, but then what we saw him do what he's done now multiples times, he started to play politics instead of doing his job.
Now, for the record, if you or I did a fraction of what Hillary Clinton did, we would tonight be sitting in a jail cell, like Christian Saucier. Remember the guy behind bars for a year? He took six pictures inside the submarine he was so proud of working in?
And then, of course, there's the Clinton Foundation and the pay-to-play scheme and the Uranium One deal. Hillary Clinton gave away 20 percent of America's uranium.
Now, by the way, there's a real Russia scandal. Why didn't Comey bother to investigate or look into any of these things? Now, the answer is simple and it continues to be exposed. Sadly, James Comey is nothing more than a partisan and a political hack, as I said on the 9th. And by the way, his testimony once again today proved that.
Let's start with Comey's motives. From the very beginning, it was very clear that he was seeking revenge and was only out to create smoke and confuse people and confuse the issues around all of this. And Comey admitted that he was bitter and upset about being fired, disgruntled at being called out by the White House for failing miserably at his job.
And then there's this exchange, which shoots down any narrative of obstruction of justice. It's gone. It's finished. Take a look.
Wow! Amazing, right? Now, by the way, we're putting the law up on the side of the screen. And as we noted last night, if Comey thought that there were crimes being committed, he had a legal duty to come forward immediately. But Comey did not do that.
Then there's the obvious question everybody is asking. During this conversation with the president that Comey was so apparently troubled by, well, why didn't he just get up and say, "Mr. President, I think this is inappropriate, I think this is wrong"? Well, watch this exchange.
"Maybe if I was stronger"? That's his job!
And by the way, here's another thing. If Comey -- if he was so concerned about the president and he told the attorney general, Jeff Sessions, that he didn't want to be left alone in a room with him, then why did Comey continue to take the president's calls after all this had allegedly happened?
Now, next, there's this major revelation from Comey. You got to watch this. Pretty amazing.
So many lies told to you by the media. But once again, Comey admitting that nobody asked him to stop the Russia investigation.
Now, let's move on to the next major point. After Comey was fired, he decided to leak information to the press! This is so unbelievably inappropriate and maybe a violation of law. We'll ask that question later. Watch this.
Wow! So the fired, disgruntled ex-employee, ex-FBI director leaked details of his memo, hoping that it would bring about a special counsel? Now, this is beyond ridiculous, beyond inappropriate. And by the way, it shows you how calculated and political this guy really is.
And you have to wonder what else Comey -- did he leak before or maybe order others to leak? Now, Senator Marco Rubio point out -- amazing point today -- the only thing that wasn't leaked in all of this is the fact that President Trump was not under investigation! And by the way, he was told three times. Now, of course, this is likely to have been done on purpose.
And finally, there's the biggest bombshell revelation from today, and that is the former attorney general, Loretta Lynch, was able to actually influence Comey in the Clinton investigation! Watch this.
No, not an investigation. It's a matter.
And add one point here. What about the meeting Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch had on the tarmac in a private jet? What'd they talk about before Loretta Lynch made her decision? That is the huge scandal here and the abuse of power by the Obama administration, Lynch trying to influence the investigation, going directly to the FBI director. How is that not obstruction of justice? And why didn't Comey come forward and report that? And again, did he maybe break the law? We'll ask our legal experts throughout the show.
Now, also, why didn't Comey create a detailed memo about that conversation with Loretta Lynch? Now, this shows you that there is a massive double standard. Now, Comey let something like that happen with Lynch, but is now trying to go after President Trump. And by the way, Comey's biases are so extreme, there are so many other examples. Now, Comey testified that he took, oh, detailed memos of all of his conversations with President Trump. He didn't trust him. He thought he might lie. But he didn't do the same thing to President Obama.
Now, Comey also never put Hillary Clinton under oath while she was being interviewed by the FBI, and by the way, never demanded that her conversation be recorded. Why is that?
And biggest of all, Comey was desperate to come out and clear Hillary Clinton's name, but he refused to do the same thing for President Trump. By the way, as I mentioned, he told three times -- told the president he wasn't under investigation.
And then finally tonight, we have been saving this one for you on purpose. After so many months -- about 10 months -- of endlessly pushing back all of these black helicopter tinfoil hat conspiracy theories, what did we learn today? That there is no such thing as a Trump-Russia collusion. The media has been endlessly, breathlessly lying to you night after night after night, day after day! And today, they even had to admit it.
Now, of course, the big network of black helicopter theories and tinfoil hat conspiracies is NBC. Just listen to even their own Chris Matthews, Mr. thrill up his leg himself. Listen to this admission.
Ah, a moment of enlightenment even for Chris Matthews. It all came apart today. There was never anywhere in any case, any admission about Trump-Russia collusion.
And by the way, we were the only ones in the media that cared about looking into this deeply and telling you, the American people, the truth and not going with lies and innuendoes and propaganda and misinformation because they were advancing a political agenda -- you know, the same media that colluded with Hillary Clinton in the last election, as exposed by WikiLeaks.
We have been right night after night after night. These idiots in the media, almost all of them, have been flat-out wrong, all conspiracy theorists, time in and time out.
So guess what? It's time for those so-called journalists with their superior attitude -- maybe they should take off their tinfoil hats and put their black helicopters back in the hangars because it's over. You have been exposed for the liars you are to the American people. And it's sad, all that you have been doing all of these months without any evidence, and we've been showing you person after person after person saying no evidence of collusion. And you still kept running with a false narrative.
Joining us now with reaction, President Donald Trump's son. He was on a Twitter rampage today -- Donald Trump, Jr. Sir, welcome back.
All right, just give me your general thoughts first. What -- what -- I -- I obviously said a lot there.
Gee, thanks a lot!
You know, Don, maybe you're a bigger man than me, but to me, politically, they've been trying -- no, no! They've been trying to take him out.
And there's been so many lies here. Number one, for example, not only did he not encourage Comey to stop, he encouraged him to go forward with the investigation, even satellites around him, meaning the people that are close to him and his campaign and elsewhere. He never was being investigated. Comey wouldn't tell anybody. Comey then turns out...
What -- and three specific cases here -- I believe that Comey was a political hack. I mean, there was incontrovertible, overwhelming evidence of multiple felonies committed, and he laid out the case probably better than anybody but never pursued it. He said, Well, we don't have the intent.
Meanwhile, you have a server in a private mom and pop shop closet bathroom? That's intent to -- obviously, that's mishandling of classified information, then the destruction of classified information. Then, of course, the Uranium One deal, a real Russia scandal. Then, of course, this whole Loretta Lynch issue, meeting on the tarmac with Bill Clinton before she makes her decision, A. And then the big bombshell today -- Please don't call it an investigation. Just call it a -- what's the word she used? Whatever, material, she said.
That's pathetic!
Don, I would love to say that that's going to happen.
Well, it's even that, but it's even deeper. When you think of the level of vitriol, hate -- it's been directed at you and your brother. They're even attacking your sister and your 11-year-old brother and the president's wife and anybody close to him or anybody that expresses a like towards him and agrees with him! To me, this is about undermining the will of the American people and so delegitimizing, so damaging, so distracting at the least he doesn't fulfill the agenda that people elected him for. That is a serious problem in the country!
Comey wanted to hire the guy!
You know, I want to go back to the media in particular and all of the conspiracy theories that have been advanced. And literally, we're talking about cable-wise thousands of hours of coverage, thousands. Then you look at The Washington Post, The New York Times and CNN and ABC and all these networks proven wrong, and now all of a sudden, they're beginning to write their retractions (ph).
It just seems as something that I said back in 2007 and '08, journalism in America is dead. The desire for truth, it's over.
All right, I got to...
And by the way, I'm a convert to him being on Twitter because I agree he's got to bypass this corrupt media. And I think after all the exposure and this will pan out in the next number of days. We got to do it. You're a bigger person than me. I think I'd be a little angrier than you tonight and...
... job to do. Yes, well, that's true. You -- you -- I actually enjoyed your tweets during the testimony. I was retweeting a lot of it later.
All right, Don, Jr., than you.,
And up next on this busy breaking news night, a two-hour live edition of "Hannity" -- up next...
All right, Senator Marco Rubio emerging a big star today on his grilling of James Comey. Laura Ingraham will join us and react. Then later, we'll also have more -- Jay Sekulow, Monica Crowley and so much more. Also a two-hour edition until midnight Eastern tonight on "Hannity."
Wasn't strong enough, I don't know, I have no idea. Wow!
Welcome back to "Hannity." That was an exchange today between Senator Marco Rubio and James Comey, where the Florida senator totally exposed a lot of the discrepancies in the former FBI director's treatment of President Trump.
Joining us now with much more on this, editor-in-chief of Lifezette, Fox News contributor, nationally syndicated radio talk show host Laura Ingraham.
All right, I want to give you big picture room here. I think that was the second-longest monologue I've done in my history. Yes!
I spent all day putting that together! Do you mind? What about my hard work?
All right, let's get your take.
Exactly!
You have hit a vein...
OK, but you're at a very important...
... after you tweet this...
Yes, go ahead.
All right, so you tweeted today...
All right, here's the important thing, and I actually retweeted you today because this was a really good point you made. And it's about what we've been talking about for two days, and I will tell you -- and we'll get into this with -- with -- I'll ask your opinion. We'll get Jay's opinion, Geraldo's opinion and Gregg Jarrett's opinion...
But you know, we have talked about 18 U.S. Code 4, and you pointed this out. Let me put it up on the screen for our audience, because now he actually said in his testimony today, which is pretty amazing, what, oh, it's not up to me to decide obstruction. But meanwhile, he went back and basically said it.
Now, here's where he might have gotten himself into more legal trouble because whoever having knowledge of actual commission of a felon cognizable by a court of the United States conceals and does not as soon as possible - - as soon as possible -- make known the same some judge or the person civil military authority under the United States shall be fined and/or imprisoned not more than three years or both.
All right, you are right here. He has an obligation if he thought there was obstruction to immediately report, not speculate, oh, maybe Jeff Sessions is leaving in three weeks. He had a duty, a legal bound duty to do it. Is he in jeopardy?
I was wondering who his lawyer was. The thing about today, though, Laura, there is no investigation ever of the president, but he didn't tell anybody. He of course also when you get into, the president not only didn't encourage him to stop. He encouraged him to go forward as it relates to the investigation with Russia. There was no collusion we learned today in any way, shape, matter, or form, and as one senator pointed out, I forget who at this point, nobody has ever been indicted for obstruction for saying well, I hope so. I hope nothing happens.
All right, Laura, I will pay for the popcorn, and you were really drinking not ice cream sodas with vodka on the rocks. I'll pay for all of it. Just send me the bill.
This was one of the most remarkable things I think I've ever seen in politics, 30 years now on radio, 22 years on Fox, what an unbelievable day. Thank you for your analysis.
Joining us now with more, chief counsel at the American Center for Law and Justice Jay Sekulow, conservative commentator Monica Crowley. Jay, in the lead up to this, 18 U.S. code 4, that was a big issue. Laura and I were just talking about it. I want your legal take. And you mentioned to me in a text today about another legal issue. I would like you to bring it up for our audience.
J. Edgar Comey.
Well said.
And interestingly, that same compassion, Monica, that Jay is talking, much to my chagrin to be perfectly blunt, and a lot of people that were chanting "Lock her up," he went on "60 Minutes" and said, oh, they are good people. I don't really want to pursue this. This is a distraction. A lot of conservatives like me were like, really? Equal justice under the law, although it wouldn't be the president's decision anyway.
So my next point to you is I want your reaction to the media double standard and the media conspiracy theories and black helicopter theories, and also the double standard as it relates to his treatment of Hillary Clinton, the double standard as it relates that he never took notes about Obama, and the big bombshell vis-a-vis Loretta Lynch.
Monica, I will hold them accountable.
I will hold them accountable for every lie they told the American people.
Jay, let me ask you this.
He was never under investigation.
He encouraged and not discouraged the investigation with James Comey.
No evidence of collusion, nothing wrong with what he said about Flynn, even Alan Dershowitz had a great piece about that.
And now Comey is running his testimony by the special counsel here, his good friend, Robert Mueller, and I'm sorry, I'm not countable about any of this.
No, it was --
He wanted a chip. He wanted a chip for later down the road.
Should the special counsel have to be removed now?
Jay, you're going to come back. Monica, thank you. You know what this is? This is J. Edgar Comey's special counsel. This is now a big problem. And Mueller, I'm sorry, he needs to be removed. I don't know what they've talked about. He seemed to run his entire commentary today and everything he was saying by Mueller beforehand. He only gave Mueller the notes. There's a lot of problems here that to me seem highly appropriate and I am sure we will be discussing in the days to come. But thank you both for being with us. Very great analysis from both of you.
And up next tonight on this busy breaking news night, information you won't get anywhere else, right here on "Hannity" --
The fired, former disgruntled FBI director James Comey admits that President Trump was never under investigation. Geraldo Rivera, Gregg Jarrett, they join us coming up with reaction. And then later tonight a special two-hour edition, Sara Carter, John Solomon, they are here on this busy breaking news night. Stay with us.
That was the disgruntled, fired, I call him "J. Edgar Comey," the former FBI director admitting that President Trump was not under investigation during his tenure. But if you listen to the Democrats and their friend in the destroy-Trump propaganda press, the proven liars now, you would think the president is on his way to prison. Not happening.
So why all the hysteria that has been going on month after month after month on the left side of the aisle and the lies being told? Joining us now, Fox News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera and Fox News anchor and attorney Gregg Jarrett. Geraldo, we will start with you. I want to get your full take on this, and also, Comey's total complete, mishandling as it relates to the law here is breathtaking to me. And I want your legal take.
He's clear on everything, though.
He encouraged it.
Wow. That gets to something that I care very deeply about, and that is, and Trump's attorney addressed this today, the selective leaking against this president to hurt this president. That's the deep state, and I will probably bring that in in the next hour a little more.
Gregg, you have been really dead on in terms of your analysis of the legal traps that were facing Comey today. I am shocked how he did not even seem aware of what you had been talking about for some time, 18 USC-4.
The great news is we are doing two hours tonight. That just a small tease. Great analysis by both of you. Geraldo, Gregg Jarrett, stay with us because they will be with us in the next hour.
But first, we have to check in with CircaNews.com Sara Carter and John Solomon. Sara, we will start with you. Your take on all that has happened today, and what we just touched on slightly is the deep state, which I want to get to. And the idea, one thing nobody mentioned today was the leaking of intelligence, raw intelligence, the unmasking against General Flynn, which did ruin his career which never should have happened. That's a felony we know was committed.
Unbelievable. And he did. And he did it.
John, I've got to let you take a little victory lap. Sara touched on it just a hair, but I lost audio for a second. But honestly, you guys have been way ahead of the curve, the two of you working together on a lot of this. In fact, well, why don't you tell us.
Wow. I just heard you correctly?
Listen, on 18 U.S. code 4, we'll get back to that with Gregg Jarrett and Geraldo, he's got a problem. Jay Sekulow mentioned he may have another problem as it relates to leaking the information. Now you're saying there could be other issues here. Sara, give us a headline on that follow-up and then we'll keep both of you into the next hour.
And they were frustrated the day on the Hillary Clinton issue.
All right, stay with us. Sara and of course John Solomon will stay with us. We have, yes, another hour. Thank God, this is one of the nights I could do 10 hours of "Hannity." That's coming up next. John Roberts, by the way, will have a full report how the president now is reacting to what happened today, all the events, J. Edgar Comey's testimony and more reaction. Jay Sekulow, Ari Fleischer, Geraldo Rivera, Gregg Jarrett, and Mercedes and Matt Schlapp straight ahead. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 179  ***************************************************
 What you saw right there was James Comey laying out the legal case against Hillary Clinton, and then, inexcusably, after 13 minutes of a stinging indictment, he let her off the hook! And Comey completely ignored all the laws that Hillary Clinton broke, which you can see on the side of your screen. Nobody in the mainstream media, the destroy Trump media, is telling you this tonight.
Now, if you or I, anybody in this audience, did anything close to what Hillary Clinton did, you would be put in jail. You would be perp walked, fingerprinted, you would be mugshotted and put in jail.
But James Comey proved himself to be, in the end, nothing more, sadly, than a political hack. And he didn't deliver equal justice under the law.
Now, was this because Comey thought Hillary was going to win and become the president? I don't know, I won't speculate. But what I do know is that Comey was only three years into his 10-year term. So tonight, we will connect the dots for you.
For example, let's talk about the Clinton Foundation and the alleged pay- to-play scheme. Now, the Clintons, they lined their pockets -- millions and millions of dollars -- while Hillary was serving as secretary of state. Now, the evidence of wrongdoing is incontrovertible, overwhelming, yet Comey sat on the sidelines. And Clinton even give up 20 percent of this nation's uranium to Vladimir Putin in this corrupt Uranium One deal. She personally, as secretary of state, had to sign off on that 20 percent going to Putin!
The evidence of wrongdoing is overwhelming. And by the way, James Comey, the destroy Trump media, the radical left, they sat on the sidelines! They ignored the rule of law. And I want to add one thing to this. Twenty percent -- meanwhile, the Clinton Foundation lined their pockets with millions, Bill Clinton doubled his speaking fees when he spoke in Moscow?
Let me give you another example. More recently, there's the egregious violation of our 4th Amendment rights with Americans like General Flynn who were incidentally caught up in foreign surveillance, they were unmasked. That intelligence, a felony, leaked to the press by any measure -- the one crime that we know was definitely committed in the case of General Flynn didn't bother Comey one bit.
Sally Yates even said yesterday she was never asked about this by Comey. He did nothing to get to the truth, to get answers about who leaked information about General Mike Flynn, a felony under the Espionage Act.
And the incompetent Comey? He did nothing to stop this false lie that has been advanced for so many months that Russia was colluding with then-candidate Trump and then-transition team Trump. He should've, for the sake of this country, out this to rest once and for all.
Now, in his letter firing Comey, the president revealed Comey told him on three separate occasions he's not being investigated. Why didn't the FBI director come forward and tell that to you, the American people? Especially since he was so quick to divulge information exonerating Hillary Clinton, who he laid out the case violated the law?
Even James Clapper yesterday said that the Russian collusion talking point was not based on fact at all! It's all predicated on one big lie, on innuendo, on bizarre conspiracies.
So you know what? To James Comey, good riddance. He deserves everything he got tonight. He has earned this. Although the media, which loves Hillary, didn't want Trump to win, didn't think Trump would win, they'll never tell you this.
Also, speaking of the mainstream media, they're losing their minds tonight over this. They have gone completely insane. They're not giving you the truth or the facts that we just gave you, and they're trying to turn this into a scandal that it is not because they've been trying to destroy this president, delegitimize him from day one.
Here's some evidence. Remember WikiLeaks, what they revealed? The alt-left propaganda destroy Trump media was proven again and again to have colluded with the Clinton campaign. They were her biggest donor, they were in her corner. They wanted Hillary elected, just like they never vetted -- remember back in the day, we were talking about Reverend Wright, ACORN, Alinsky, Bill Ayers, Bernadine Dohrn? They never told you the truth about Obama. They never told you after eight years how he failed spectacularly. They've been gunning for President Trump since day one. Is it any surprise they're trying to destroy this president tonight?
And then of course, there's the Democrats. There's Chucky Schumer, crocodile tears himself, foaming at the mouth earlier tonight over this news. Listen to the feigned outrage of Chuck Schumer, the selective moral outrage of Chuck Schumer after Comey was fired tonight. Watch this.
Keep in mind, this is the same hypocrite, the same phony, Chuck Schumer, back in November, right before the election, said this about James Comey after he reopened the investigation in the Hillary Clinton server scandal. Quote, "I do not have confidence in James Comey any longer. To restore my faith, I'm going to have to sit down and talk to him and get an explanation for why he did this."
And if that's not enough, take a look at all these liberals -- you won't see this on any other network tonight, I promise you -- that hated Comey before he got fired. Now tonight, they love him. Watch this.
Ah. What you're seeing there is a bunch of liberal hypocrites playing nothing but pure politics.
Joining us now on this very serious news night, former speaker of the House, FOX News contributor Newt Gingrich. Mr. Speaker, I'm trying to lay out the case here. James Comey I think earned this. I'd love your thoughts.
Well, let me read from this letter because I think this is very important, and it's not a case that the media is focusing in on. "I cannot defend the director's handling of the conclusion of the investigation of Secretary Clinton's e-mails." He admitted up until he said he's not doing anything that she violated the laws.
And he goes on to say, "And I do not understand his refusal to accept the nearly universal judgment that he was mistaken. Almost everyone agrees the director made serious mistakes. It is one of the few issues that unites people of diverse perspective" -- which we saw the comments of some of the left from when they didn't like what Comey was doing.
And then it goes on to say, the director was wrong to usurp (ph) the attorney general's authority, announce his conclusion that the case should be closed without prosecution -- it is not the function of the director to make such an announcement!
At most, a director shouldn't -- it goes on -- completed the investigation, presented its findings to federal prosecutors. Now he defends his decision by asserting that he believed the attorney general at the time was in conflict.
But the FBI director is never empowered to supplant federal prosecutors and assume command of the Justice Department. There is a well-established process for other officials to step in when a conflict requires the recusal of the attorney general.
Wow! That is a powerful indictment against James Comey.
OK, we need to go through some facts and laws. And I go back to that July press conference when he did this 13-minute -- I was sitting there with my mouth open thinking, Oh, my goodness, she is about to be indicted. It was that strong a case he was laying out -- never forget the moment.
And then at the last minute, But never mind. That's kind of what it was.
Let's look at, for example, the list of potential crimes here -- and honestly, you know, disclosure of classified information -- it happened, Mr. Speaker! That's a fact. You know, records management -- he even said you cannot put on a private server top-secret special access program information, unauthorized removal and retention of classified documents -- fact! It happened!
We're talking about a mom and pop shop bathroom where the e-mail server was kept. Concealment, removal, mutilation -- I think that would count for 30,000 e-mails, sir -- statements of entries generally.
Is there anything here that we don't know is proven in terms of a violation of law? And why in my heart of hearts tonight, sir, believe (sic) that we have a two-tiered justice system that if Newt Gingrich, former speaker of the House, had done the things that the Clintons did, you would be in jail tonight, and I'd be visiting you with a cake and a file?
You know, I'd do it for you. I'm a friend.
Thanks a lot!
You know, you point out I think it was 94 to 6 or 96 to 4 -- I'm lost (INAUDIBLE)
OK. That this is an Obama appointee here that wrote this letter tonight. This is not a Trump appointee. You know, if you look at all the differing people that have served at the highest level as attorney generals, for example, and a deputy attorney general -- you know, look at Judge Lawrence Silverman (ph) served as the deputy attorney general under Ford -- it's not the bureau's responsibility to opine on whether a matter should be prosecuted. And he believes that the director's performance was so inappropriate that the FBI director and the bureau will ever completely recover! That is a stinging indictment.
Jamie Gorelick, by the way, attorney general -- deputy attorney general under President Clinton joined with Larry Thompson (ph), deputy attorney general under President Bush, to opine the director had chosen to personally re-strike the balance between transparency and fairness from the department's traditions, and concluded the director violated his obligation to preserve, to protect and defend the traditions of the department of the FBI!
One more second. Mike Mukasey -- he said the same thing and that disclosing the recommendation -- said it was out of fashion. Alberto Gonzales -- and if you want to look at somebody I never thought would agree with us, Eric Holder, who served as the deputy attorney general under President Clinton and attorney general under Obama, said that the director's decision was incorrect and that it violated long-standing Justice Department policies and traditions and it ran counter to the guidance that I put in place four years ago laying out the proper way to conduct investigations during an election season!
And he concluded the director, quote, "broke with these fundamental principles and negatively affected public trust in both the Justice Department and the FBI." We're talking about a broad spectrum of political views here, but in the arena of law and the Department of Justice and the Justice Department.
I'd like you to react to those very prominent, respected figures.
That's so well said. You know, on all of the issues that we talk about, I believe it is such a travesty of justice that we know Hillary broke laws that would put the rest of us in jail, sir. You know, that's not equal justice under the law. You're not allowed to do what she did with an e-mail server, what she did with the Clinton Foundation, the qui pro quos she signed off as secretary of state, the foundation's taking in millions, 20 percent of our country's uranium goes to Vladimir Putin! And these -- these investigations died.
The 4th Amendment protections we have, sir, and General Flynn is surveilled -- OK, incidentally, but then he's unmasked and then the intelligence is leaked to the press. And on top of that, on three separate occasions, the president in his letter tonight says that Comey said he's not under investigation.
And he has allowed this to hang out there so that the entire country has been sold a bill of goods and a narrative and a lie and a false conspiracy by a media that from day one has wanted to delegitimize and destroy this president! It is beyond him contributing to a crisis, incompetence and division in this country! Am I right or wrong here?
Mr. Speaker, I know you moved heaven and earth to be with us on this very important breaking news night. Thank you so much for being with us. Appreciate it.
I agree. Very much sobering, actually. Thank you for being with us.
Joining us now with reaction, from the American Center for Law and Justice, Jay Sekulow, from Circa News, Sara Carter, and from our sister network, the Fox Business Network, our friend Lou Dobbs.
Jay, legal standpoint? Let's just examine this from that point of view and that perspective.
Oh, it's horrible.
And we're not even talking about very important failures under his time...
... including the Tsarnaev brothers. They interviewed them at...
... the FBI, they let him go. Then they were warned again by Russia. They still didn't do anything. We could talk about -- in the case of...
... of e-mails of Nidal Hasan before Fort Hood...
... saying he wanted to kill his fellow soldiers to protect the Taliban.
Let me bring in Lou, and then we'll get Sara in here -- Lou.
Illegally.
Yes.
Sara Carter, you've been breaking a lot of news about the issue of our 4th Amendment protection, unreasonable search and seizure. I thought of you today because remember shortly after the NSA scandal exploded in 2013, Sara, the FBI was exposed having conducted its own data mining on innocent Americans, "Bloomberg" reported retained the material for decades even when no wrongdoing was found. Now we know the one crime that was committed was against General Flynn, surveilled, unmasked, the intelligence leaked. And yesterday Sally Yates said she never was questioned once by James Comey, the one crime we knew was committed here?
Jay Sekulow, is there any doubt in your mind -- based on the law as you know it and the fact that we know about Hillary Clinton, that she committed felonies, is there any doubt in your mind?
Isn't that illegal, Jay, a top secret special access --
Why shouldn't that grand jury be convened now about Hillary Clinton, and I would argue about the server and I would argue all the hard work that John Solomon and our friend Sara Carter had been doing. And our friend Lou Dobbs is one of the few that covers it in the media with me. All of this now, that we now fix the problem of equal justice under the law that apparently doesn't exist. Shouldn't that all be done now?
Lou, Let's go to Lou.
By the way, that's the standard.
Gross negligence of the legal standard.
OK, when he gave that long press conference he used the term -- DOBBS: Extreme carelessness. HANNITY: What's the difference? That is what you are telling people. There's no difference.
Go ahead.
He played word games.
Sara, go ahead.
You've all made great observations and a whole variety of fronts here. Jay, let's go back now to the beginning because I don't believe justice was served here on a whole variety of issues that we laid out here tonight.
Let's start with Hillary Clinton. Let's start with the email server. I still believe that when she signed off on giving away 20 percent of America's uranium and millions of dollars are flowing back to the foundation, and that goes to the Clintons. Let's go to that, Sara Carter's investigation into what she had been talking about. The law we know was broken. Surveillance, incidental, unmasking -- wrong, at an unprecedented level. We'll get back to that in a second. And then the leaking of intelligent, felony, violation, Espionage Act. So I ask you, where should we begin tonight even though the mainstream media is out there spinning and lying and protecting and focusing the country on what is exactly the wrong issue here?
The president, by the way, the president doesn't have a say in this. He should not have a say at all.
Actually he said she should be in jail but I want to move on.
Sara, I'm going to five you last word and then we're going to go back to you. We've got Laura Ingraham is standing by.
Sara, is this potentially the biggest scandal in the history of this republic when all is said and done? And then I've got to go Laura.
By the way, White House officials I'm just being told announcing a new FBI director coming in days. We will get back to -- Lou, stay right there. Jay, Sara, stay right there. OK, yes. We continue now with the editor in chief of Lifezette, of course nationally syndicated radio host and FOX News contributor Laura Ingraham. A very strong move I have thought and I know you have though this is been necessary for a long time.
One thing that really stood beyond the whole Anthony Weiner issue, it's almost bizarre behavior on his part. We know the email server, to circumvent Congress, in a mom and pop shop, bathroom closet with top- secret information and special access -- we know that's a crime. The one crime we know is Michael Flynn unmasked and the leaking of intelligence. Sally Yates testifying yesterday saying the FBI hasn't even questioned her about the one known crime in this case. How is that even possible?
And Clapper said yesterday, and Comey has said it and we're almost at a crisis point in terms of -- a good friend of mine actually said cuckoo for cocoa puffs. That was you, by the way. Because they have run with this in the media, this conspiracy theory. Clapper says no evidence of collusion. Comey has said no evidence of collusion. And the media since before the election keeps on a story with no evidence and they seem to be getting away with it. I did like the cuckoo for cocoa puffs line.
Laura, thank you.
And we continue still with Lou Dobbs, Jay Sekulow, and Sara Carter. You were motioning to me at a point, and I think I read your mind. You're saying this opens a door to so much more.
It is an amazing thing. Let me go to Sara first, then we'll go to Jay. It is an amazing thing, all of these horrible things happening. Lou brings up a great point. Using the IRS to intimidate conservative groups, that goes back, started in 2010. The Benghazi lies, spontaneous demonstration where they just happen to have RPGs and mortars in their back pocket and decided to pull them out, a total, complete lie and fabrication. Then it's uranium one. Then it's the server scandal. Then we know so many crimes are committed.
Hang on, we've got some news. President Trump just tweeted this, "Crying Chuck Schumer stated recently," we probably had the sounds at the beginning of the program, "I do not have confidence in him (James Comey) any longer." Then ask so indignant, #draintheswamp." Sara?
Jay, let's go through the most interesting -- a friend of mine Mark Simone sent me, I guess it was a tweet from Tom Brokaw, "Director Comey has had a lot of self-inflicted wounds. He's made a lot of mistakes." Wow, has NBC changed since he left, just as a side note. Where do we begin? With all that Lou has brought up and all that Sara has brought up, they're such criminality here. There seems to be a crisis as it relates to equal justice under the law in this country now as a result of James Comey. How do you fix that? How do you recover from that and a media that wants to cover it all up, the same people that colluded with Hillary as exposed by WikiLeaks?
Do you remember the investigation of Hillary and the unauthorized handling of classified material and the FBI made a deal with Clinton aides were given immunity, and allowed to destroy their laptops? That's just another thing that needs to be cleaned up.
Journalism is dead, Lou.
OK, except Circa, except reporters at Fox News, my buddy Lou.
That's about it. I think we've pretty much hit the limit.
Here is the question I want to ask all of you and I think the most important question of the night, and we will start with Sara. Sara, if you are Hillary Clinton tonight, what are you thinking?
Why? Don't we know she broke the law with her server scandal?
Why if Sean Hannity breaks the law do I go to jail? I have to pay more in taxes because I knew Obama had a bull's-eye on my back. Lou paid three times because he had a bigger one on his, and everyone here. Why do we have to obey the laws and she gets off scot-free? Why? That's not fair.
If you are Hillary Clinton tonight, Jay, based on your legal background, based on the knowledge of facts as we know them today, if you are Hillary Clinton and she calls you and you are her lawyer tonight, what are going to say to her?
If you're Hillary Clinton tonight, how are you feeling after talking to you, her lawyer?
We all agree, we know it's overwhelming, incontrovertible evidence that she committed felonies and broke laws. Does anybody disagree with that statement?
She broke laws and committed felonies. Sara?
Then I go back to Jay. Why does she get a pass? I am sorry. That is wrong. That is not equal justice.
You know something, Lou, I would be in jail for not paying my taxes. They would put me in jail and love it and the media would love it. They would love you in jail.
They've already tried to get us fired 100 times.
Sara, all three of you are telling this audience tonight that you all agree that the evidence is overwhelming and incontrovertible that Hillary Clinton committed felonies and all three of you think she is going to get a pass. All three of you think --
Sara is laughing. Sara thinks so. You think she gets off the hook.
Lou, I agree with Sara.
I second that motion. That is why I think America needs to make a decision. This is a tipping point. This is a moment, a crossroads moment for this country because if she can get away with obvious felonies and nothing happens then we don't have a legal system that is -- seriously, Jay -- or a constitution that protects every American. Go ahead. I'm sorry. I'm on my high horse.
I am with Lou and I am with Sara. Sara, I say let the law, let the evidence and the facts be investigated, and as every other American would be treated, so shall the Clintons be treated or we have no constitution and no equal justice under the law in this country any longer. And that is the tipping point.
Lou speeds every day and he gets tickets.
It's going to be cheaper to pay the fine.
Let's assume we begin this process of a grand jury, Jay. How long, where does that lead us, and how will they try to blame President Trump, who has no say in what happens to Hillary Clinton?
I'm going to say this nicely -- today is one of the most important days in the history of the Trump presidency. And we now have a chance that we get our legal system back under control where every American is subject to the same laws and the rules as everybody else.
Guys, you've been great for the hour. Thank you all for being with us.
That's all the time we have left this evening. Please stay with the Fox News Channel for all night continuing coverage of this breaking news, the president firing the FBI director James Comey. My friend Bret Baier is next. We will see you back here, an important show tomorrow. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 180  ***************************************************
 Now, in response to this very damning video, CNN issued a short statement. It read, in part, quote, "CNN stands by our medical producer. Diversity of personal opinion is what makes CNN strong. We welcome it. We embrace it."
I'm actually glad this producer will not be losing his job simply for being honest and truthful. But here's what is so ridiculous about that statement. CNN didn't address, didn't even bother to react to the network president, Jeff Zucker's, comments about, quote, "getting back to Russia" and using the false Russia collusion conspiracy theory to drive up ratings for money.
And by the way, the blame on all of this should be at the feet of Jeff Zucker. And if anyone faces consequences here, it should be Zucker. As we have explained, Zucker is the person who is overseeing and steering CNN and the destroy Trump fake news coverage over there.
And here's the funny part. Take a look at this headline from earlier this month. "Jeff Zucker: Viewers trust CNN 'more than ever.'" Only someone like Zucker who leads a fake news network that constantly pushes conspiracy theories and fake news -- you know, it's bizarre he'd try to make that claim.
Oh! What did I do?
They've all colluded! The Wikileaks showed they all colluded with a Hillary!
That's true.
I stand corrected. But that's not a crime. The other ones I think are crime where you got real ethical problems.
Yes!
Don't make me laugh. This is too serious.
All right, but you know, I wasn't actually going to run -- I told James O'Keefe I admire his work a lot and he gets unfairly tarnished, because he's done a lot of good work over the years. And I almost didn't want to run it until they put out a statement. I thought they were going to fire this poor guy for just speaking honestly and truthfully. And I was actually looking and making calls today, in case he got fired, to try and find the poor guy a job. But now that they're not going to fire him -- this says a lot about Zucker. This identifies what his agenda is. Why would Time-Warner keep an obviously abusively biased leader that's destroying their brand and in a witch hunt for the president?
Like who?
OK. I'm glad they all top of mind to you.
(INAUDIBLE) let me -- they have good people. I can't think of one now, but I'll tell you later.
He's lost it.
Yes. You know...
All right, so if we take my list of six, and yes, I'll add Wikileaks exposing the collusion -- yes, Madam Ingraham, you are correct.
I think that is important. But they really -- there's a part of me that is, like, Wow, they're missing some of the biggest stories that we've ever seen or ever covered in our careers here. And they won't do it because they're so fixated on hating a president. Their agenda is clearly to take this president down. That's not journalism anymore, Laura.
There's a real serious psychology to whatever it is that's going on at these so-called news networks.
Good for him.
All right...
They're not going to do it.
Laura, thank you.
When we come back, a busy breaking news night this Tuesday night here on "Hannity."
When we come back, we expose President Obama back in October saying that America's election couldn't be rigged. Now, he knew about Russia trying to influence the election back in August? Why didn't he do anything about it? Is that Russia collusion? Monica Crowley, Eric Bolling weigh in.
And also tonight, a very important mini monologue as we expose the most arrogant, obnoxious White House reporter who complains daily that he doesn't get enough attention, big crybaby, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So Democrats and members of the destroy Trump media -- they have been pushing Trump-Russia, Trump-Russia collusion and this narrative now for months and months. But now, as I've been telling you, it's now boomeranging back on them, and more directly to former president Obama. Now, remember, during the election last year when President Obama said it wasn't possible for our elections to be rigged and told then candidate Donald Trump to stop whining about it? Remember this?
Really? Stop whining? Now, according to a recent report, it was President Obama who knew back in August that Russia was attempting to interfere in our election, and guess what? He did nothing about it! Why? Because he assumed Hillary Clinton would win. And since Hillary lost and President Trump is in office, well, now election meddling is suddenly a serious issue.
Joining us now with reaction, conservative commentator Monica Crowley and author of an outstanding, brand-new book, "The Swamp: Washington's Murky Pool of Corruption, Cronyism and How Trump Can Drain It," the co-host of "The Fox News Specialists" Eric Bolling.
Eric, this fits into the entire book that you've written here. I think this is important.
Yes, it's pretty amazing. He knew in August. He did nothing. Why do I think there's an Obama-Russian conspiracy that now needs to be investigated? He needs to testify under oath what he knew, why he didn't act, and was it because he thought Hillary was going to win?
And Monica, remember, there was so much testimony, no votes were impacted at all.
And Russia tried it in previous elections. They'll try in future elections. They tried here, and he did nothing! So as far as I'm concerned, OK, we've got an Obama-Russia collusion story, just like a Hillary-Russia collusion story on Uranium One.
Put him under oath!
All right, there's a 99 percent certainty, Eric, that five foreign intelligence services got ahold of Hillary's e-mail server in the mom and pop shop bathroom closet and that they had all of this intelligence. Now, that's because she mishandled intelligence. I just went through six particular things we really ought to be investigating.
Do you have any doubt that the standard of mishandling of classified information and destroying classified information, top secret, classified, specialized access program information, that Hillary committed felonies? Because I have zero doubt.
Accidentally, or I was drinking too much.
You're right.
Hey, listen...
And Monica, you know, when he said to Medvedev, I only have one more election, after the election, I'll have more flexibility, sounded like he was kind of colluding with Vladimir in a way that he didn't want the American people to know about.
Good to see you guys. Thank you.
By the way, Eric, congratulations on the book.
And there is a swamp that needs to be drained.
And coming up next, an explosive report you do not want to miss. Sarah Carter, John Solomon, Circa News, are here tonight. Did the FBI open a case against retired lieutenant general Michael Flynn as a form of retaliation? Sara and John have new information, along with Jay Sekulow.
Also tonight, our mini monologue. We will expose the single most obnoxious, arrogant, combative, biased White House reporter who's constantly whining about not having access.
And also later tonight, did the Obama administration have the chance to kill al Baghdadi and let it go? Another Obama White House failure in terms of safety and security straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity."
So there is an explosive new report tonight by Circa News' Sara Carter and John Solomon. The report is entitled, quote, "Did the FBI retaliate against Michael Flynn by launching Russia probe?" It reads in part, quote, "The FBI launched a criminal probe against the former Trump national security advisor Michael Flynn two years after the retired army general roiled the bureau's leadership by intervening on behalf of a decorated counterterrorism agent who accused now-deputy FBI director Andrew McCabe and other top officials of sexual discrimination according to documents and interviews."
This is big. Joining us now from Circa News, Sara Carter and John Solomon, and the chief counsel for the American Center for Law and Justice as well as the president's attorney, Jay Sekulow. Sara, let's start with this explosive report. So did the FBI retaliate against General Flynn? Seems like there's a lot of evidence emerging yes.
That's pretty interesting.
And we need to then add this to my six items that I mentioned in my opening monologue that I think need to be investigated, which I'll ask Jay about in a second. When you couple this with Andrew McCabe and the report that you guys released yesterday in a possible violation of the Hatch Act which prohibits anybody, FBI agents, from campaigning in partisan races, and then you see the money and the funneling and huge amounts of dollars for a race that never gets that kind of money. John, you --
Jay, I identified at the start of the program today six areas where we need to be investigating. Let me go true them real quickly. One is Obama. What did he know back in August about Russia trying to influence the election? Why didn't he act? And we have Loretta Lynch, the tarmac, it's not an investigation, it's a matter. And of course John and Sara's report that she may have put the kibosh on any indictment for Hillary, that would be obstruction.
Then we've got of course Mueller and all of his conflicts of interest, hiring Hillary's attorneys, Obama, Hillary donors. Then we've got Comey, did he violate the Records Act leaking to the "New York Times"? Then we've got Hillary herself, the pay or play scheme, Uranium One deal, and then the e-mail server scandal, mishandling and destroying of classified information. And on top of that General Flynn which we were just talking about, and certainly the Espionage Act violated. I want all of these matters investigated. Has this now boomeranged back that Democrats will now be on defense for the next 11 months?
Let me ask Sara and John. I want to ask you. Sara, have I hit on the six things that really need to be investigated here, and now adding yours as seven.
The Clinton are friends, their best friends.
Lynch needs to be investigated. Mueller needs to go, 100 percent. Comey not only needs an investigation, but he, too, we need to talk about his relationship with Mueller. Hillary, frankly, grand jury. Flynn, really his life was ruined because of illegal leaks, somebody needs to make that right. Guys, good to see you. And we're not going to stop. We're going to stay on this. You have all been ahead of the curve, and I appreciate you sharing it with our audience. You're not going to find this in the mainstream media because they've been obsessed with something that has been false.
When we come back, you'll meet the man who says the Obama administration had the chance to take out the leader of ISIS, but because of rules of engagement didn't do it. How is that possible? That's coming up.
But first tonight, we reveal the most obnoxious, the most arrogant, the most combative, most partisan, vicious White House reporter who whines every day he doesn't have access, he doesn't get his questions answered. A special "Hannity" mini monologue straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So over the past few weeks CNN has really made great strides in solidifying their position as one of America's premiere fake news networks. Naturally one of its top pushers of fake news is none other than the so arrogant, combative, and, frankly, whiney senior White House correspondent Jim Acosta. Now that the administration is forcing Acosta out of the spotlight by hosting a few audio-only press briefings because they only want to play gotcha, CNN's White House darling is really starting to become unhinged, kind of like liberal Joe. And that is the subject of tonight's mini monologue.
So like a plant needs sunlight, Jim Acosta apparently needs a camera. During yesterday's audio only press briefing, a clearly shaken Acosta demanded Sean Spicer turn those cameras back on. Listen to the arrogance.
Don't let the exchange fool you. Acosta's mission extends beyond just getting Sean Spicer to turn the cameras back on during a press briefing. In fact it appears that Acosta is very much in line with his colleagues at CNN led by Jeff Zucker who are using fake news now as a political weapon against the Trump administration.
For example, as we told you earlier, Acosta was forced to delete a tweet earlier this month after he claimed President Trump did not visit Congressman Steve Scalise when he was in the hospital. Turns out totally fake news. And that misguided tweet is only one of many examples of what is now a pattern of Acosta's corrosive coverage and biased coverage of President Trump.
Sadly, for a White House correspondent claiming to be an unbiased journalist, Acosta has a pretty extensive history of trashing the Trump administration -- isn't he supposed to be objective and fair and balanced? -- including multiple combative exchanges with Sean Spicer, White House officials, and even the president. Why? So he gets to look good for himself on camera. Is he really looking for answers to questions for you, the American people? We'll let you decide.
You are fake news. You're very fake news.
Jim Acosta is very sensitive, and by the way, he gladly is doing the bidding of his boss, Jeff Zucker. And by the way, he goes to battle on behest of Zucker against the administration day after day. So instead of digging for truth and trying to get information for the American people, he's just digging at the administration clearly with an agenda. Instead of looking for answers, Acosta, he is looking for ways to damage the president, prop himself up.
Now, the sad reality here is that like the rest of all of these fake news networks, in this case CNN, senior White House correspondent, he'll do anything in his power to prevent the president from implementing his agenda. It's not good for you, the American people, now is it?
When we come back, an investigation. My next guest says the Obama administration, they had the chance to take out the ISIS leader, al- Baghdadi. They didn't do it. Why not? That investigation straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity."
All right, a very important question. Did the Obama administration pass up an opportunity to kill the ISIS leader, al-Baghdadi? My next guest claims that back in 2011 the U.S. military had a major chance to kill or capture al-Baghdadi but the bureaucracy put in place by the Obama administration let him get away. And this week we're reminded of the brutality of ISIS. Now of course memory has released a new ISIS video which show as chilling execution carried out by children.
Joining us to explain more, the author of the brand new book "Drone Warrior, An Elite Soldier's Inside Account of the Hunt for America's Most Dangerous Enemies," Brett Velicovich is with us.
This is important. So there was a chance to get al-Baghdadi, OK, one of the top ISIS people at the time. You guys know where he is. You have no doubt you can take him out, no doubt you can capture the guy. And you got a stand down order. Why?
And they would be?
OK, so, and the two leaders that you got are?
What happened when you identified, located him, were ready to take him out or capture him, what happened?
And now as a result of these rules of engagement, now this madman, you know, cold-hearted brutal killer is on the loose, and we could have taken him out. That's a fact?
Number one, thank you for all of your hard work, thank you for your dedication. It's sad that this happened. All of the rules of engagement, all of the guys that have been arrested protecting their platoons and put in jail in some cases, it's outrageous. Thanks for being with us. Appreciate you telling your story.
When we come back, a very important question of the day. We need your help, and it has to do with former President Obama straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Time for the "Question of the Day." This is really important. So the president knew back in August that Russia was trying to influence our elections. But you know what, he didn't tell anybody because he wanted Hillary to win. Should he go under oath? Does he owe you, the American people, an explanation why he did nothing? In other words, confront Russia meddling in our election, why didn't he do that? Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
That is all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. Remember this show, always fair, always balanced. We'll see you back here tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 181  ***************************************************
 Months of coverage, zero evidence. The president is right.
For example, let's look at all these Obama administration scandals, no special counsels. Benghazi, the IRS targeting conservatives, the General Services Administration -- their spending scandal -- Fast and Furious, Hillary Clinton's private email server -- we know felonies were committed there -- the Clinton Foundation, the pay-to-play scheme, remember? Uranium One, 20 percent going to Vladimir Putin in Russia, Bowe Bergdahl, the Iranian prisoner swap, the VA scandal, Loretta Lynch, Bill Clinton on the tarmac, that meeting, surveillance rules changes, James Rosen and journalists hacked, Solyndra, the Secret Service prostitution scandal, unaccompanied minors entering the U.S., Hurricane Sandy funds, Healthcare.gov contracts.
The threat against President Trump now is real. It is metastasizing into a clear and present danger. It's only going to get worse. And we're learning tonight that the DNC is now pumping money into what is being called, quote, "the Resistance Summer." It's the left's plan to attack and obstruct the president at every turn.
So it's time for you, the American people, you irredeemable deplorables that went out and went to the rallies and voted for him, it's time for you to stand up for what you wanted and what you voted for in November.
As you heard me say, this was a choice election. Now, everything that you have voted for is under attack. You voted for the economy. You voted for millions of new jobs. You want people out of poverty, off of food stamps and back in the labor force.
You wanted to lower taxes. You wanted tax reform. You voted to repeal and replace ObamaCare. That process is now under way. You voted for a much stronger military, for a president that can actually say the words "radical Islamic terrorism" and defeating ISIS.
You voted for energy independence. You voted for more control of education to be sent back to the states. You voted to cut government regulations and jobs. And most importantly, you voted to drain the swamp and upend the power structure in Washington, D.C., that has been failing you and the American people for decades.
These forces that are working to unseat President Trump, they don't care about fixing the gigantic mess that President Obama left behind after eight years of incompetence and failure. They don't care because they're inside this corrupt Washington cabal. They are the swamp! They prosper, Americans suffer.
And that's why these groups, they don't care about the numbers that we showed you from the Obama administration from back during campaign night after night. The lowest labor participation rate since the '70s, almost 95 million Americans out of the labor force, the worst recovery since the 1940s, lowest home ownership rate in 51 years, 11 million more Americans on food stamps after Obama, 8 million more in poverty, 43 million total, one in five American families without anybody in the workforce, one in six American men, prime working years, 18 to 34, incarcerated or living home with Mommy and Daddy.
And when President Obama left office, he had accumulated more debt than every other president before him combined, a guy that said $9 trillion in debt is irresponsible and unpatriotic.
Now, these forces, they want to prevent the president from fixing this mess and improving your lives. And as we have been explaining on this show, there are five specific forces now working to take down the president. Let me explain in order in terms of the dangers that they represent.
Number one, the most dangerous, the deep state. Former FBI director James Comey, obviously disgruntled, fired ex-employee, showing a vendetta now against the president. I guess he's angling for his multi-million-dollar-book deal, a miniseries, primetime interviews, a movie, and probably wants to work for MSNBC.
Now, we've seen the deep state working around the clock, undermining, sabotaging and leaking, which hurts, and hopefully, in their case, they want to destroy the president. The deep state must be purged! And we've got to get rid of the people that are now the biggest threat to this republic, and of course, the free election of Donald Trump.
Number two, the destroy Trump media, they're the second worst in this alliance, if you will. The purveyors of fake news and bizarre tinfoil hat conspiracy theories with no evidence -- collusion, Russia, none whatsoever. Now, these propagandists, these liars recklessly pushing one manufactured scandal after another, why? Hoping that just one of their constant smears against the president sticks and will lead to his downfall.
Then, of course, you have the Democrats. They've been totally unhinged since November 9th. Now, they've been attacking and obstructing the president at every turn because they can't accept the election results of you, the American people.
Then, of course, you can always count on those very same establishment Republicans, you know, the ones that were afraid they may be accused of shutting down the government, the people that never supported President Trump even though they're in the same party, never supported his agenda. Well, now they're dragging their feet to implement what you voted for.
Just look at Senator John McCain. This is a disgrace. He's now saying that this Comey witch hunt is reaching the point where it's Watergate in terms of its size and scale. No, Senator, it's not. And you should know better.
And number five, then you have the never Trumpers, the least impactful, groups like National Review, The Weekly Standard, people who never thought or want Trump the win. They would have preferred Hillary pick the next Supreme Court justice. But now they want vindication and relevance.
Make no mistake, this is now about overriding an election, the election results, the will of the American people. This now combined is undermining our democratic process, not only trying to delegitimize the president but trying to effectively stop him from doing what he promised to do.
Now, why are they doing it? Their own selfish reasons. They, of course -- they want to cling to power. Isn't it always about power in Washington? Now, President Trump is the biggest existential threat to the way things have been working there. So it's really the swamp versus the people, and the swamp is fighting hard.
Here's my question for all of you tonight, the American people, you irredeemable deplorables that cling to your God, guns, Bibles and religion. Are you going to help the president that you elected? And as hard as you fought during the election, you better understand that if you want those changes that you voted for, that you went out and fought for, well, you better fight harder now or the country will deteriorate even further and America's precipitous decline will not stop.
Here with reaction, Fox News contributor Herman Cain is with us. Herman, am I wrong? Am I paranoid? Am I -- or are these real threats to the president? And do the American people that voted for Trump need to now rally?
That's beyond a compliment.
That's over the moon!
The two that I think seem be the most dangerous to the president accomplishing his agenda -- look, America is in a precipitous decline. He's got to get his economic plan. He's got to get rid of these regulations, got to build the wall. There's so much on his -- education, energy independence, all these things he wants to do -- you know corporate rates lower, repatriation lowered, jobs, manufacturing centers built.
But if he has to deal with the deep state and a corrupt media that lies and -- how do they get away with these conspiracy theories? Conspiracy TV apparently is the most interesting thing to watch these days, all built on a house of cards and lies!
All right, Herman Cain, always good to see you. And yes, you would have delivered it better because I'm not the guy that did 999, the most memorable political line in the history of politicking!
All right, my friend, thank you.
And coming up on this busy breaking news night, the president is now fighting back against these forces that are trying to take him down. Lou Dobbs, Corey Lewandowski are here next.
And also tonight...
Disgraced former anchor Dan Rather takes yet another shot at the president. Really? Did Dan Rather just mean that, the National Guard Dan Rather? That's coming up in our "Fake News Roundup" segment tonight. Matt Schlapp, Charlie Hurt will join us and much more straight ahead.
All right, that was the president earlier today at a press conference with the president of Colombia detailing just some of the successes his administration has had since taking office. By the way, you won't hear that on the mainstream media.
But as I mentioned in my opening monologue tonight, there are five significant forces that are trying to defeat this president and take him down. The deep state -- they're the worst -- the destroy Trump propaganda media -- they're the second worst -- Democrats unhinged -- they're next -- establishment Republicans weak, they're next, and then kind of the never Trumpers.
But President Trump -- he's fighting back, calling out what he is saying is political witch hunt. Joining us now with reaction, former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, from the FOX Business Network, Lou Dobbs.
I've never seen anything like this. The most dangerous to me is the deep state because I've never seen leaks like this. I've never seen unmasking like this, especially in the political years, up 600 percent from years prior.
... I would throw in -- even if it's just on a volunteer basis, to get real control, which I think the president deserves. And by the way, this is not to dismiss anybody. I know people are working hard. A lot of them are gulping water. These attacks are probably consuming 80 percent of people's day. But Mike Huckabee, Newt Gingrich, helping, organizing, getting the agenda moving.
But real -- but I mean more involvement.
You said it two nights ago. It's war. You and I get nuts over the same things.
Corey, do you like the idea maybe some help to -- because 80 percent of the time seems to be distraction, attack, reaction, attack, attack, attack. Maybe guys like Mike, Newt Gingrich helping to sort of reorganize in that sense and -- and do the fighting and let the people that are supposed to govern actually have time to do their job?
Listen, I think I'm like the only one -- me and Lou Dobbs, the only two people on this planet that actually report what he's actually done.
Lou, let me throw this to you.
Look at this special counsel, the appointed -- and I'm going to put up on the side of the screen -- I put it up earlier -- you know, zero special counsels for Obama and -- and -- you know
Hillary got a pass!
Hours and hours and hours of TV. Corey, we'll give you the last word.
All right, guys, good you both. Lou is really being very shy and timid, as usual.
When we come back on this busy breaking news night tonight on "Hannity"...
Wow! Disgraced former CBS anchor, Dan Rather -- the hunted? Really, Mr. National Guard? He's now popping up in the spotlight, Mr. National Guard himself. We're going to more of the lowlights in tonight's insane -- our new segment, "Fake News Roundup."
And then later tonight, new questions over the mysterious death of DNC staffer Seth Rich. Jay Sekulow weighs in.
And also tonight, former Fox News chairman Roger Ailes dies at age 77, a true American patriot. I would not be in this chair if it were not for him, as he forever changed my life. That's coming up.
And welcome back to "Hannity." All right, our new segment, "The Fake News Roundup," and tonight's edition features disgraced former CBS anchor Dan Rather. He won't go away. Now, last night, he actually said on MSNBC rather gleefully announcing that the media has finally got the better of President Trump. Watch how he says this. Watch.
Becomes the hunted? (INAUDIBLE) Now, has Dan Rather forgotten the incompetent, irresponsible, reckless reporting he did for CBS News? Is that what president hunting looks like to you?
Now, of course, Rather wasn't the only member of the propaganda press that was spewing anti-Trump hatred. Take a look at some of the recent lowlights.
Joining us now from the American Conservative Union, chairman Matt Schlapp, along with Fox News contributor Charlie Hurt.
All right, Matt -- OK. Really? The hunted? Now we're hunting the...
And this coming from the disgraced radical ideologue Dan Rather? The hunting -- we're hunting a president.
Charlie, I don't even know what to say about hunted. I'm just sitting there thinking, OK, well, thanks for being honest, you disgraced -- what happened in this case, what was that whole National Guard a story all about? Wow, hunted.
You know, Matt, it's so bad now. But conspiracy theory, hating Trump has actually, it's revitalized Bill Maher and Stephen Colbert's career. And a leftwing cable channel, all of a sudden, wow, all the conspiracy theorists that want to destroy Trump, they are excited because they actually think this impeachment thing is going to happen.
Guys, I've got to roll. Thank you both for being with us.
When we come back, still so many questions, this is getting more mysterious by the day, surrounded the murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich. One thing I will tell you, my opinion, strongly, guess what, it wasn't a robbery. Was he talking to WikiLeaks? We'll investigate. And if he did, does this blow the Russian collusion narrative out of the water? Jay Sekulow will join us.
Also tonight, the world has lost a media and political giant. The founder of the Fox News Fox News Channel Roger Ailes, he has died at the age of 77. Without him, I would not be on your TV set right now. Later in the program, I'll share with you what Roger meant to me.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Questions continue to swirl around the mysterious murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich. Now following Rich's death, there was suspicion that he may have been the source of the DNC emails that were leaked to WikiLeaks, now, not the Russians as the left claims.
Here's what we know at this point. In the early morning hours of July 10th, 2016, while walking to his Washington, D.C., home, Rich was shot in the back and left for dead. Police claim it was an attempted robbery gone wrong, but the assailant did not take anything from Seth Rich, including his phone, wallet, watch, necklace.
Suspiciously 12 days after Seth Rich died, WikiLeaks published the leaked emails from the DNC. Also following Rich's death, WikiLeaks offered a $20,000 reward for information leading to the conviction of the person or persons responsible for this murder. Then in August of 2016 during that interview on Dutch TV, Juliana Assange of WikiLeaks implies pretty strongly that Seth Rich may have been a WikiLeaks source. Watch this.
Now, if Rich in fact was WikiLeaks source for the DNC email leaks, it would confirm Russia was not involved. In January, I asked Julian if Russia hand given him any of the emails. Remember, WikiLeaks have not been wrong in 11 years. They've not been proven to get one fact wrong that they have published. Here's what he had to say.
Did Russia give you this information or anybody associated with Russia?
You did not get this information about the DNC, John Podesta's emails. Can you tell the American people 1,000 percent you did not get it from Russia or anybody associated with Russia?
During that same interview I asked Julian Assange about a report saying that it was a disgruntled Democrat who gave Clinton campaign emails, gave them to WikiLeaks. Watch this.
There was one report in The Daily Mail that suggested somebody that you are friendly actually was handed the documents at American University in a wooded area by a disgruntled Democrat who felt betrayed because the revelations showed that Bernie Sanders had been betrayed, and they didn't like the corruption of the Clinton Foundation. Can you confirm or deny that? Is that story true?
A friend of yours?
It gets more mysterious by the minute. If it was true -- we don't know yet -- if it was true that Seth Rich gave WikiLeaks the DNC emails, wouldn't that blow the Russian collusion narrative that the media has been pushing out of the water?
Here with reaction from the American Center for Law and Justice, Jay Sekulow. I look at this, and with all that we heard with no evidence, none, and Admiral Rogers and James Clapper, no evidence of collusion, but the media runs with it. Based on Julian Assange said in that Dutch interview, it sounds like he, not 100 percent but pretty close to saying that it could be Seth Rich. What is your take on what he said?
Jay, in all the years you've been an attorney. Does it make sense that you shoot somebody in the back and the whole narrative has been they're investigating a robbery, but they didn't take the wallet, they didn't take the necklace, they didn't take the phone and they didn't take the watch? Does that sound like a robbery to you, because it doesn't sound at all like a robbery to me?
I'm running out of time. I want to ask you this. Because, remember on the eve of the DNC convention, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, these other people all lost their jobs based on what was in those emails. And deep down, you have to wonder if it's not him, or somebody maybe was so disgruntled at how they cheated Bernie Sanders, how they conspired against him, how the fix was in, not necessarily him, we'll put him aside for a minute. Couldn't you see somebody seeing that gross injustice and saying this is outrageous, and wanting it exposed, the truth told?
Why didn't the DNC let the FBI look at their computers? And why would the FBI allow that? But I've got to roll. We'll continue to follow it.
It's all politics.
All right, when we come back, the country today lost a force of nature. Up next, I'll share some words and thoughts about Roger Ailes, what he meant to me. We'll also check in with Geraldo Rivera, Ainsley Earhardt. I would not be here tonight but for him.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Today, the world lost one of its great patriotic warriors. Roger Ailes at the age of 77 has died. Roger's impact on American politics in the media is unmatched. He singlehandedly changed the landscape of both, and both for the better.
There are few people in this world who will ever have such a profound impact like Roger did. I wrote earlier today on Twitter that, by the way, Roger has enemies, they didn't like his politics, they should know this. Right now, advantage Roger because in the next life he's plotting and planning on how to kick your ass there like he did here. That's how Roger rolls. He was always five steps of his opponents, sometimes 15 or 20 steps ahead. They played checkers in life. Roger was playing chess, the strategist that could not be duplicated by anybody.
On a personal note, I want to tell you something. I would not be here in front of this camera tonight, in front of you if it were not for Roger Ailes. I say it all the time, I have no idea why he hired me back in 1996. It was a huge risk on his part. I was a young, local radio host in Atlanta, very little TV experience. And to be honest, I don't know how we didn't fire me early on. I was that bad as early tapes humble me every time I see them.
But I think it was because Roger saw something in me like he did so many other people here on the Fox News Channel that he hired that they didn't see in themselves. He became like a second father to me. I lost my father in March of 1997 right after starting the Fox News Channel, six months later. I am forever grateful, forever grateful for the opportunity, his endless enthusiasm, his humor, his wit, his energy, his raw instinctive intelligence.
Ainsley, I know you do Bible study and you're a strong, devout Christian. And we've all sinned and fallen short.
And some of the -- well, I won't get into --
What if we didn't have a Fox News Channel, Geraldo?
You know what, though. He wouldn't care what The New York Times thinks. There was a long term staff member here who had a bad car accident. He called him and said stay home, get well, full salary. If you need anything else, if you need medical help, done.
There's so many of those stories. All right, guys.
He's a strong kid, I talked to him.
He was so proud of you, too.
All right, thank you both, really appreciate it.
When we come back, an important "Question of the Day."
Time for our "Question of the Day." Earlier today, President Trump, he tweeted that this is, quote, "The single greatest witch hunt." It is. Do you agree with him? Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter.
That's all the time we have left this evening. Again, to Roger Ailes, Godspeed, my friend. Thank you for all you did for me and for so many others. We will see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 182  ***************************************************
 All right, Ed, you can't make this stuff up and it dovetails perfectly in tonight's breaking news opening monologue.
All right. So, the sick, the twisted, the mentally unstable anti-Trump media again working itself into a new manufactured frenzy now we have been explaining how the biased press operates in this country for a while.
Here's how it works: they rush from one fabricated meltdown to another and in the process, these brain-dead so-called journalists, they bounce around the same talking points in their little fake news bubble echo-chamber and it becomes a competition to see well who can say the most outlandish the most offensive the most completely false thing about President Trump. It's like they're hypnotized, lobotomized robots that kind of programmed every, wake up, hey, Trump. It's really pathetic and it's sad and it's predictable and they are not serving you the American people.
Now, members of the media, sadly, their sheep, they're closed-minded, they have actually convinced themselves, this is that psychotic part, through their own conspiracy theories, that president Trump is, oh, he's suffering from dementia. He has early onset Alzheimer's. He's deranged.
Now, the newest fake news fixation is all about the president's health. Think he'd be happy. And naturally, after the president's doctor told them that he was in excellent -- I repeat -- excellent physical condition, and the shock them, could easily serve for two full terms, the media could not believe it. It goes against everything they have all been telling themselves hour after hour, day after day, week after week, month after month.
The press, they can't stand the fact that the president scored a perfect 30 for 30 on a cognitive exam, and my guess is most of the people in the media world would probably fail that test if they took it themselves. I'd love to test them.
Now, before we show you new examples, it's important to highlight just how utterly insane the media was yesterday at the press conference with the president's doctor. Watch this.
This is real reporting. This questioning went on for 49 straight minutes. The media just refused to face the truth. The reality President Trump is perfectly healthy, you'd think they would be happy. Apparently not.
Now, of course, it didn't take long for what we're now calling Trump health truthers. Think about this -- that come out in the media and now they're questioning everything that the doctor said. This is unbelievable. Watch this.
Yes, we're going to really listen to Dr. Joe, liberal Joe, and Dr. Mika.
And, by the way, CNN, they took things even further with this morbid and sad prediction -- this is nuts -- about President Trump.
Take a look.
Really? He's never examined the president.
Now, we know that fake news CNN, I have a new name in a second. Then we know they hate the president, but really, they're going to predict a guy that's never examined the president, that he's going to have a heart attack. Now, this type of behavior, it shouldn't be surprising, especially coming from what we're now calling.
You see it right there. CNN, the ssh-hole network or the shh-hole fake news network. It fits.
Congratulations, CNN. You've done more than enough to earn your new nickname. The shh-hole network, fake news network, keep up the good work.
Now, you would think that CNN after hearing this over and over and over again for the American people, when I'm about to play, maybe they would listen and say, wow, maybe we're not doing something right here. Take a look.
Are they not listening? Apparently, they are so hard-headed that nothing sinks in.
Also, tonight, we have major breaking news. This is important tonight about the phony fake news Hillary Clinton bought and paid for Russian propaganda document and dossier. Sara Carter reporting that longtime Clinton aide adviser Sid Vicious Blumenthal apparently was interviewed by the FBI in 2016 about this fake news anti-Trump dossier.
And that's not all, according to The Washington Examiner's Byron York, congressional investigators are now working to determine whether or not the Obama State Department was involved in gathering and circulating fictitious and totally fake information that was found in that dossier. It's getting deeper every night.
And according to another new report, an FBI agent exchanged information about the bureau's Russia investigation with the former spy that was getting the phony Russian information, Christopher Steele. He's the guy that put the dossier together.
So, you have Steele being told by our FBI about their Russia investigation at the same time Steele is getting paid by Hillary Clinton to dig up phony Russian propaganda source dirt on Donald Trump. You can't make this up.
And we also know from Fusion GPS co-founder Glenn Simpson, his testimony, that Steele briefed the FBI about the dossier before the election. This is corruption at the highest levels.
We've got so much to get to tonight. Joining us with reaction: Fox News national security strategist, Sebastian Gorka, Fox News contributor Sara Carter, and Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett.
On top of the Sid Vicious Blumenthal things, so we now have our FBI, Sara Carter, literally telling. This is new to me. The guy that's paying for Russian lies, salacious details on a candidate to basically fix an election with phony Russian propaganda, they're giving him information?
Gregg Jarrett, from the legal side of this, you see any legal issues, and you've been the one that was been pointing out, you have four levels deep a hearsay --
-- that would never be accepted in any court.
All right. Sebastian, let me get to you, Dr. Gorka.
So, she fixed the primary with Bernie Sanders. She had the legal issues so she could stay in the game, she had the FBI director and Peter Strzok who hates Trump, loves Hillary, fix it so she can keep working. Otherwise, we know felonies were committed, mishandling classified information et cetera.
Then, we literally have that fake dossier you know used to fix the general election and then it's used for a FISA warrant against the opposing candidate in an election year and it's used to surveil than a president- elect on his team.
I hear now, we now know that the DOJ had to release the documents that the FBI had subpoenaed. They did it last-minute. Rod Rosenstein tried to prevent it. He goes in to Paul Ryan's office begs him not to do it.
We're getting some insight as to what we will learn next week. Sara Carter, what are you hearing?
But the phony dossier was used and then the FBI is --
-- collaborating with the guy that's getting the phony Russian propaganda, you can't make this up.
And we suspect he was paid.
Glenn Simpson never looked at it.
I want to hear from that judge. That judge -- no judge I know likes being lied to.
All right. Last, so we have the fake news awards release tonight, Sebastian Gorka. It's not only the purports they get wrong, it's also the stories they will not cover, these stories and I just see nothing but egg all over their face coming.
The list is great. We'll have more on it with Michelle Malkin and Joe Concha, when we come back as Hannity continues.
Tonight, President Trump unveiled his fake news awards. Here with reaction, the host of "Michelle Malkin Investigates" on CRTV, Michelle Malkin, and The Hill's Joe Concha.
Frosty flake.
See, everybody in the bubble, the echo chamber, you know all they are. I mean, we know who -- we could name them. We do name them.
But this is why it's so important -- they've been saying that this is so bad for freedom of the press. We know what's bad for freedom of the press lying and doing -- and not only lying, but those choices, they won't cover the biggest stories that exist in our lifetime, because of their agenda, and they still can't get over that they were wrong on the election.
He has one?
Why shouldn't he push back? This is well-deserved awards for losers.
By the way, that's really twisted, because they were wrong in every count.
Do you like our montage of the --
The ssh-hole network, the ssh-hole fake news network.
I want to say here, but I can't --
-- because say that, you have to sit in a meeting and get lectured that I shouldn't have said it and followed policy, and I don't feel like sitting through that meeting.
Maybe. All right. You know, what's happening I think if you look at the statistics we showed last night, 2017, the year they tried to destroy a president with media research.
But it's also a year that they created the biggest disservice to the American people. They are hurt when they can't get the truth, Michelle.
He will never, ever be the person they want him to be. He will never put cargo plane loads of cash and give them to Iranian Mullahs and kiss their ass and try to bribe them not to be murdering dictators that want to destroy us, Joe?
I am not going to the meeting.
Thanks for sharing.
You don't want to say that on CNN the (BEEP) hole network.
We got to roll.
President has a great sense of humor and they'll never enjoy it. I thought this was great tonight. Good to see you. When we come back. Liberal (BEEP) network and CNN asked the panel of Ohio voters of what they thought of President Trump, didn't go as plan and expected. You'll love this next.
Huge great economic news out today for President Trump and the country and you the American people. Apple announcing it will be giving $2,500 worth as stock as bonuses for most employees following the new Trump tax law. And the company is also saying it will spend $30 billion in U.S. over the next five years and also, today, this is amazing, CNN hosted a panel of Ohio voters that says President Trump had a fantastic year. They were not expecting it. Take a look at the s-hole network.
Here with reaction former secret service agent Dan Bongino, former Obama economic advisor that gave eight years of crud Austan Goolsbee is with us. Sorry Austan. Dan these are blue collar workers, factory, iron workers, none of what the media says or what they're saying in D.C., New York, San Francisco, L.A., matters in the people in the country, the people that make the country great.
Austin? Every economic indicator, every economic indicate every economic indicator, every bonus, every dollar repatriation and every dollar for a new factory and manufacturing center, is all because of Donald Trump. Because your guy failed.
Wait a minute they're bring -- they're bringing back billions --
In eight years the unemployment numbers is better and job creation is better and GDP better.
Consumer confidence is better it's better for every demographic black Americans and Hispanic Americans, every Americans and you cannot admit you are wrong.
Only President never to reach percent GDP growth ever in history, Dan Bongino.
You're going to blame Trump for Roy Moore. He doesn't support Roy Moore in beginning. He did not endorse --
Excuse me. He wanted Luther Strange. With all due respect, Roy Moore had a lot of problems.
You sound like the media now, you have Trump derangement syndrome.
The answer I can give you fake information award, because you come on this program and you actually try to convince yourself that the guy that doubled our debt and gave us lowest labor participation rate and literally the worst recovery since the '40s never hitting 3 percent GDP and 51-year low home ownership rate, and you defend this. You should just say Hannity you're right and Bongino you're right.
We have to roll. Good to see you. When we come back former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich weighs in on just how corrupt you media is and where it's all going with the special counsel. That is next.
All right. More on top story tonight, the left wing mainstream media just cannot believe President Trump receive a clean bill of health. Now they're looking for any excuse to discredit the results beyond pathetic. Take a look.
Joining us now with more reaction is author of bestselling book "Vengeance" former speaker of the house, fox news contributor, Newt Gingrich and you saw the presser yesterday, I still cannot believe what I saw. Bone spurs? Too much tweeting? TV? And one scoop or two? Is he drug addict? Does the President have dentures? And does the President need sedation? No President has ever had to undergo this garbage. It's funny, but it's really a sick side to this.
Role would be empty.
The role will be empty. Maybe you keep Doctor Liberal Joe and Dr. Mika.
Pretty close.
OK so well have been unpeeling on this program. You had been a big part of our coverage, the layers of the onion. A lot of progress had been made, we now found out the uranium one in fact has been the DOJ investigation, nobody knew for months. We have an 11 count indictment at the end of last week. Then we now know that the email server scandal were the fix was in with Comey and Strzok, that is now back before congress. Now the dossier is blowing up and next week I'm told we will have news to shock the conscious. Here's my question. You have Hillary and we now know rigged primary against Bernie we have no shot and Donna Brazile confirms it. Then we have her pay for Russian lies and propaganda to influence the American people and rig that election and then had Comey and Strzok, because they so wanted her they rigged investigation, and an exoneration before investigation. With all we talked about in the media, there's very few of us discussing this. And I don't mind being out on a limb. I have done it my whole career. But now it matters because the constitution is in play. Your reaction.
It's a cartel. And I agree with you wholeheartedly and I really believe she is in deep trouble.
Agreed.
All right. Mr. Speaker, always good to see you and we will keep on peeling that layer, because we deserve to know the truth it's about influencing a Presidential election and gaining a FISA warrant against an opposition candidate and incoming President and this is serious stuff. All right. Two videos of the day and some very apparently mean calls on the hot line. Can I get one nice person, hello? Straight ahead.
All right, I have a very, very special video of the day. Might be our best clip yet. I'm worried I might be losing my job. There's somebody, up and comer, that is amazing.
That adorable girl is Abigail, Abigail is the daughter of one of our audio technicians, Moses. I don't think I have much longer for this business that was pretty darned good. All right, hit me with your best shot, "Hannity" hotline. Let us hit it.
I am trying -- talking about the jobs that I have had. I still consider myself a dishwasher. Well, a bus boy and a waiter and a bartender and a painter and a paper hanger and tile layer and roofer and your friendly host I tell the story a lot. It meant a lot in my life. Hannity sound off, 877-225-8587, that is all the time we have this evening, let not your heart be troubled, we will never be the fake news media, we will never be propaganda news, Laura.
Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 183  ***************************************************
 
show#: 184  ***************************************************
 Aw! I'm sure some in the room had their little feelings hurt, but really, who cares. Didn't they deserve every bit of what Trump said to them? Keep in mind, some of these so-called unbiased journalists -- they laughed off Donald Trump and said he never stood a chance years before he even decided to run for president. And they each had to eat their words. Watch this.
Amazing how wrong so many were.
Earlier today, President-elect Trump -- he met with The New York Times. Now, I'm sure they were trying to smooth things over with Mr. Trump, and of course, after their unrelenting negative coverage of his campaign.
Mr. Trump should keep in mind that a few days before this meeting that paper praised former Obama adviser, now a CNN contributor, Van Jones, as a, quote, "star" of the 2016 campaign. By the way, the same Van Jones who was a member of the alt radical left and who viciously attacked Donald Trump on a consistent basis.
Here are just some of the things that were said about the president-elect on CNN with Van Jones.
All of this gets to my larger point tonight. Now, in 2008, if you remember, I said journalism was dead, and this election now shows it was far worse than any of us ever thought.
WikiLeaks -- exposed rampant collusion between the media, and of course, Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign. We now know that interim DNC chair Donna Brazile from the Clinton campaign gave them multiple debate questions. That's called cheating!
You know, I know your name has been mentioned for press secretary and I know the media got all upset that Donald Trump took his family out to dinner three seconds away from Trump Tower one night, and they didn't have the press pool notified.
Is it time that maybe we reconsider the conventional way presidents deal with the press in light of all of the bias and collusion we've discovered?
You know, they...
Amazing!
Yes.
Unbelievable. It's -- it's...
Journalism is dead, Kellyanne. It doesn't exist.
Well, I heard that was a classic.
You did.
I wish I was there.
I wish I was there for that beatdown that I heard happened!
All right, let me...
Hundred percent.
Well, they -- look already post-election. They were wrong on Steve Bannon. They were wrong on Jeff Sessions, wrong on Lieutenant General Flynn.
... think you deserve a big position, like me.
So you if call him a fraud and a huckster and whatever else -- I mean, remember the speech he gave. It was horrible, just awful!
Well, my email is...
... running about 100 to 1...
... against. And people are mad about that he's even considering it, if he really is. I don't know if he really is.
OK.
All right...
All right, but I want to know what your position is the next time you're on because you obviously played a big role for the president-elect.
All right. Thanks, Kellyanne. Good to see you.
Coming up -- President-elect Donald Trump lays out his agenda for the first 100 days. We're going to tell you what he's promising you, the American people. We'll get reaction from the RNC's Sean Spicer and Monica Crowley.
Also later tonight, Sheriff David Clarke, Mercedes Schlapp -- they weigh in on Donald Trump's immigration agenda and how some Democrats are already plotting to try and block his plans.
That and more straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So President-elect Trump put out a video last night detailing what he's going to do his first 100 days in office, and here's just a few of the policy plans. Take a look.
Here now with reaction, RNC chief strategist and communications director Sean Spicer, and Fox News contributor Monica Crowley.
What I liked the most about it is, OK, trade, energy, regulation, national security, immigration, ethics reform, draining the swamp -- it was every campaign promise. Following up on a promise to me is really important.
Oh, I'm not so sure...
The left is already there. They're salivating on attacking him.
How long will this take, though? It took Reagan, what, two-and- a-half years until we really started to see the benefits.
How long is he going to be signing his name rescinding all of Obama's bad work?
Yes!
Why were some Republicans trying to bring back earmarks last week? What was that?
I think that’s where Republicans have gone wrong with the American people. In fairness to Republicans, they promised repeal, replace Obamacare, a lot of show votes, but when it came to putting teeth into it, using the power of the purse, their constitutional enumerated power, they didn't use it. Or stopping executive amnesty. They ended up funding it in the end.
You're filling in for me tomorrow.
You're the best.
I know our audience loves you. Sean, good to see you...
I know how hard you work. Thank you.
President-elect Donald Trump promised voters that he would deport all criminal illegal immigrants. But liberals -- they're trying to stand in his way and are now soliciting the help of President Obama. We'll check in with Sheriff David Clarke, Mercedes Schlapp and much more tonight here on "Hannity."
That was Donald Trump on the campaign trail promising to deport criminal illegal immigrants as president. Now, according to Bloomberg, in response to Trump's victory, well, multiple immigration advocates have been encouraging President Obama to release thousands of foreign Central Americans who have been detained after crossing our border illegally.
Now, meanwhile, the inspector general of the DHS just released a report warning that thousands of green cards have disappeared and that, quote, "In the wrong hands, green cards may enable terrorists, criminals and undocumented alien to remain in the United States."
Here with us now, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, Fox News contributor Mercedes Schlapp.
You know, Sheriff, I had on my radio show today two parents, both cases, their kids were killed by illegal criminal aliens, people that were in the justice system that were released back out to the public, including -- one guy lost his son. He was working overnight at a convenience store, and the guy responsible had kidnapped and raped a woman and still got released and then killed this guy's son!
Have you -- your name has been mentioned a lot. Have you been approached for a possible position in the administration?
I didn't see you on the camera in the lobby of the Trump Tower going in and out. Did you sneak in the side door like I did, or what?
Yes.
All right, Mercedes, let me ask you, because this is really important -- politically, you see what I call the alt radical left. They're going insane. These poor college kids need their professors to give them Play-Doh and hot cocoa and coloring books and aromatherapy and cry rooms.
What happens when Donald Trump actually follows up, as we talked about in the last segment, on the agenda, including deporting criminal aliens?
Do you think this president would be bold enough to actually offer pardons to illegal immigrants? We know the power of the pardon is pretty absolute. Do you think he could do that for hundreds or thousands or millions of illegals?
That's always been my idea. I agree as well. Sheriff, last word.
Guys, thank you both for being with us, appreciate it.
When we come back, a HANNITY shootout. I go one on one with BuzzFeed's Rosie Gray. She writes a lot about the alt-right. I'm going to ask her about the alt-left movement. You don't want to miss that debate straight ahead.
And later tonight --
Rudy Giuliani today after his meeting with president-elect Donald Trump. The transition team is working hard to fill these key posts. We'll get reaction from Ric Grenell and Mike Mukasey later tonight here on HANNITY.
And welcome back to HANNITY. So throughout the 2016 election many in the liberal mainstream media, they've been pushing this new term, I never heard of it before, alt-right to describe anyone they think is extreme or too conservative. Recently I sparked a debate on twitter with BuzzFeed reporter Rosie Gray. I asked her, quote, "Rosie, when will you use the term alt radical left to describe the Occupy movement, MoveOn.org, and Black Lives Matter?" And that group that said "What do we want? Dead cops. When do we want them? Now." And, by the way, why did Obama invite radicals to the White House.
Here now to answer that question and contribute and continue the debate is BuzzFeed News reporter Rosie Gray. I've got to say this, you're pretty left of center, fair?
You have written a lot about alt-right.
And you asked me do I deplore racism, anti-Semitism -- 1,000 percent.
And so do all conservatives. Why do I believe this is an attempt by the left to alter to lexicon to alt-right will mean conservatives just like every four years conservatives are told they're racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic?
And you've got this one guy, Spencer, whoever he is, and apparently there's a picture he's doing a Nazi salute.
Do you think any conservative, and Donald Trump was actually asked or somebody from the The New York Times tweeted about the meeting, and he said Trump on alt-right supporter, "It's not a group I want to energize. If they're energized I'll find out why." He doesn't want any part of these people.
He disavowed David Duke numerous times.
I don't think he heard or understood him. We should have asked him if he knew who David Duke even was.
But you know what, he doesn't support David Duke. There's nothing in his history that shows of racism or anti-Semitism, and if it did, conservatives like me wouldn't support somebody like that, you understand that, mainstream conservatives.
Here's my question. Would you say -- I have a tape of a group -- believe it or not, there's a White Lives Matter group, and they were in Austin, Texas. I want you to watch this tape where they're shouting at the police, et cetera and then they're counting down. "What do we want, a dead cop one, after one we want two." and they keep counting more and more dead cops. Watch this.
All right, I was asking you on Twitter if it was appropriate -- that's a White Lives Group. I would never want them in a Trump White House ever. I never heard of this group but they showed up in Austin, Texas. Now I played this many times on my program. Let's go to Black Lives Matter.
So if the people in Texas -- I'll concede, all right, they're alt-right. Aren't those people that were chanting that alt-left, alt radical left? And why would you accept that can go to the Obama White House.
If Donald Trump invited a Klan member to the White House, OK, somebody that was -
I'm saying that Black Lives Matter that calls for dead cops now is so incendiary and so outrageous that every American should be outraged including you. Why are you not outraged?
You think that's appropriate to invite people from that group to the Obama White House, really?
Did you hear how loud that was, how many people?
Have those leaders decried, have they condemned those statements?
Here's my question, because I think you're a nice person. Do you think -- if you're going to say alt-right that we can say those groups are alt left, alt radical left?
You asked me to other day on Twitter. I said I don't even know these people. I've never heard of these people. Anybody that puts up a Nazi salute, anybody that's racist, anybody that's anti-Semitic has zero place in the conservative movement. I condemn them. I condemn their views. I condemn everything about them.
You are a reporter from BuzzFeed.
I am saying anybody that does a Nazi salute, anybody that believes in those values, anybody that's racist in any way, shape, matter, or form, anti-Semitic in any way, shape, matter, or form, has absolutely no place in the modern conservative movement or being near Donald Trump.
So I'll turn it on you. Do you say that anybody who chants "Pigs in a blanket, fry them like bacon," or "What do we want, dead Cops," they have no business being in the Obama White House. Would you agree with that?
Should members of that group be in the Obama White House?
OK, but if you're going to press me to give you an answer, I answered honestly. Why won't you says what is so obvious, they have no business, that group, in the Obama White House, none. Anybody associated with them, no business there.
You just heard them chanting they want dead policemen.
They're shouting it and there's large numbers of them.
Anybody associated with the group should not be in the White House.
Was I fair?
Thank you, Rosie.
Up next, former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani, he met today with president-elect Donald Trump and they spoke about the transition process and some key posts that need to be filled. Coming up next we'll check in with Ric Grenell and Mike Mukasey straight ahead.
All right, that was former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani at Trump Tower earlier today. The former mayor is reportedly being considered for a role in the Trump administration. Here now to talk about it is former spokesman for the U.S. ambassador to the U.N., Fox News contributor Rick Grenell, and former U.S. attorney general Mike Mukasey. We know Rudy really well. Mr. Attorney General, I'll ask you. I thought Mitt Romney, who I supported, would have been a great president. I've been very disappointed with him and how he has handled and the comments he made about Donald Trump. I, for the life of me, cannot understand. Here is Rudy out on the campaign trail, out campaigning, you know, on the plane with him all over the country, and apparently he and Romney are being considered. I don't get that.
That's a good point. Ric, the things he said, huckster, fraud, racist. Whatever else he was saying. I remember that one speech in particular, it was brutal eviscerating Donald Trump. Why would anybody there think about bringing this guy in, and how would you ever expect him to be loyal in light of how he acted?
How about the treasury department?
Rick, I think someone has got to ask Mitt Romney why do you want to work for a guy that you called horrible names?
Attorney General Mukasey, I think Rudy is the right guy. Does he have vetting issues, any problems?
I even think Chuck Schumer would surround him.
Real quick. I've got to break.
I agree. All right, guys, good to see you, thank you.
When we come back, we need your help. A very important question of the day is straight ahead.
It's time for our "Question of the Day." So what do you think of president-elect Trump's plan for his first 100 days? Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
Before we go, a special happy 13th birthday to Colton Thatcher McFadden. Colton, happy birthday.
That is all the time we have left. Thanks for being here. We'll see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2016 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 185  ***************************************************
 Yes, great, if you're a coal miner, you're out of work now if she becomes president. Now, she's against domestic drilling. She's against fracking. Pennsylvania, you make a lot of money from fracking and a lot of jobs have been created because of fracking. She obviously would rather that her Saudi rich donors -- that they get the money instead of Americans getting good-paying jobs and careers.
She also supports terrible trade deals. How about the disaster that's ObamaCare? It has destroyed America's health care system. Remember the president and Hillary -- they said you can keep your doctor, keep your plan. The average American family would save $2,500 a year. But guess what? We know it's all a lie! Millions have lost their doctors, millions have lost their plans, and on average, the average American family has seen their health care premiums go up on average $4,100 per family! And the White House just admitted a few weeks ago that the premiums are going to skyrocket next year by double digits.
And yet Hillary -- she defends it. Take a look.
ObamaCare, "Hillary care," call it whatever you want, a complete and utter disaster. Well, Donald Trump, he wants free market competition to make it affordable for everybody. Competition will help. You get more coverage for less money.
Next the Supreme Court. What has Donald Trump promised? He promised justices like Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas. They're originalists! They believe in separation of powers, coequal branches of government. Clinton wants the exact opposite, liberal activists who believe in legislating from the bench, people that would cite foreign law to justify their activism! That's not constitutionalism.
Now, the choice for our country could not be clearer. Now, let's talk about national security. For example, when it comes to refugees, we've had the FBI director, the assistant FBI director, the director of national intelligence, the CIA director, the former special envoy to defeat ISIS, the House Homeland Security chairman have all said ISIS will infiltrate the refugee population like this.
Now, even Hillary admitted in private we can't vet these refugees! In other words, she's willing to gamble with our life. Donald Trump, he supports extreme vetting of refugees, especially ones coming from countries in the Middle East that have a whole lot of jihadists and represent a clear and present danger. Have we not learned anything from Europe? Hillary apparently hasn't. Watch this.
That make you feel safer? What she just said is a 550 percent increase! So why doesn't Hillary listen to our top intelligence and defense officials? If these unvetted refugees kill you, the American people, attack our homeland, she would be responsible.
What about border security and Trump's promise to build a wall? A country without borders is not a country, and Hillary has bragged she wants to build bridge and not walls! Give me a break. Now, if people can walk across the border looking for a petter life, so too can America's enemies. Now, the president's job is to protect the homeland, the most important job they have.
But it's not just the country's security that's impacted. There are what, 11 million, the number of illegal immigrants in the United States? Guess what? That's costing you, the American taxpayer, a fortune, almost $113 billion a year in education, health care, criminal justice costs alone.
It's time now to put America first. We can't afford it any longer. Obviously, Mexico won't write us a check to build a wall, but with Trump's tough trade deals, well, hopefully, they'll more than pay for it.
Now, the military -- it is in a drastic decline. It is time to modernize America's weaponry with these most technologically advanced equipment we can develop. Donald Trump has vowed to make this happen.
And when it comes to foreign policy, Clinton, Obama -- they have such a long list of failures. What about that Russian reset? They gave the number one state sponsor of terror, Iran, $150 billion so they can continue to spin their centrifuges? What about Syria? What about the red line? Well, they did nothing when Assad crossed it. And Obama and Clinton gave Mohammed Morsi -- remember him, former president, Egypt -- he was part of the Muslim Brotherhood. Well, they gave him F-16s and tanks and $1.5 billion of your dollars.
Now, North Korea -- they don't respect us. China -- they have territorial ambitions. They have no fear of the United States under Obama or Hillary. And then there's Benghazi, which happened under Hillary's watch, four Americans dead, and at this point, it makes a difference.
And that's not all. The country is divided like never before, and you know what? The people in the front line of dividing this country, rich versus poor, old versus young, black versus white, men versus women is Obama and Hillary Clinton. How often have we seen them play the race card? She's been pitting people against each other again and again, trying to paint Republicans, conservatives as being bad for the African-American community.
Now, this has all been done to distract African-Americans and the American people from the fact that under the leadership of Obama and Clinton, African-Americans on food stamps has gone up -- look at this -- 58 percent. African-Americans not in the labor force, 18.5 percent.
And like every four years, Democrats -- they play the race card to get votes. Well, Donald Trump has promised a new new deal with African- American voter. He promises safe communities, high-paying jobs and a good education. And when it comes to education, what did Trump promise? He said he wants to get rid of Common Core, top down, NEA education. He'll let you, American parents and teachers and local communities and states -- you get to decide how to run your schools, and they'll send education back to you where it belongs.
Hillary, on the other hand -- free college. Everything is free in Hillary's world. No realistic explanation, of course, how she plans to pay for it all.
I'll say it again. This is a choice election. When it comes to the economy, it's Trump who will cut taxes, Hillary will raise taxes. Energy - - it's about energy independence, the lifeblood of our economy, or dependence, and that would be a disaster.
ObamaCare -- repeal it, replace it, or keep it and double down on it. I don't think that's a good idea. When it comes to the Supreme Court -- hang on one second -- this will impact this country for generations! Donald Trump wants originalists, Hillary wants activist, liberal, Acorn, Alinskyites sitting on the court legislating from the bench!
Fighting Islam, radical Islam, do you want a commander-in-chief who's not afraid to call out our enemy for what they are and who they are? Refugees -- do you want people to be extremely vetted to keep you safe or not? When it comes to the military, should we rebuild it or allow our military to continue its decline like Clinton will take us?
What about America's role in the world? Do you want us to be first or not? You OK with America's decline, educating our kids. Should we be -- if we're paying the most money per capita, shouldn't we have the best test scores? But we're, like, 18, 22 and 25. And we spend more money than any other industrialized country.
Now, in my mind, tomorrow is an important day. The answer couldn't be more clear. So if you're in a swing state, if you're in Florida, if you're in Ohio, if you're in Iowa, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Michigan, Colorado, New Mexico, Nevada, if you're in Maine's second congressional district, North Carolina -- we need you. It's up to you. You can decide tomorrow to save America from the declining state it is in and stop this downward spiral!
That's what this election is about. Tomorrow night, if Hillary Clinton is elected, those who didn't support Donald Trump voted for Hillary or never Trumper, I'm telling you right now, you own her Supreme Court! You own her unvetted refugees! You own her tax increases! You own her open borders! You own "Obama care" and you own her energy independence (sic). You will own it!
Now, we got a lot coming up tonight. Trump takes his message to a lot of swing states. Today, Laura Ingraham is here with reaction. Plus, three of Donald Trump's children, Ivanka, Don, Jr., Tiffany will be here tonight. All of that plus Rudy Giuliani as we continue this election eve.
Donald Trump out on the campaign trail in Pennsylvania. That was earlier tonight addressing voters before they head to the polls tomorrow. And he doesn't even need Jay Z using the N word or the F word or any other word. And he doesn't have Bruce Springsteen. He doesn't have Jon Bon Jovi, whatever his name is.
Anyway, here with reaction, Fox News contributor, editor-in-chief, Lifezette, and nationally syndicated radio host Laura Ingraham. I...
What do you think?
1:00 in the morning in Virginia, right?
It would be nice.
Have been screwed? The people who have been screwed?
Republican establishment.
You and I agree.
This is just the beginning.
I do, too.
I think...
Honestly, the three -- four of us -- well, there's a few more -- you, me, Newt, Monica Crowley, Larry Elder...
Yes. There's been a -- there's- I don't -- I'm going to forget names...
... and I don't want -- Matt Drudge -- and we've been -- you know, a lot -- I am starting tomorrow...
... the Republican Party names are being named. They -- what they did is disgusting.
What the media -- CNN getting questions...
... from the DNC?
And then giving questions to Hillary? CNN is over!
Ever!
Right.
You do.
New York Times.
Collusion with the State Department...
... collusion with the Justice Department...
... collusion with the media, collusion with the White House.
Romney...
I'll start -- just to give a little hint of what's going to come later this week.
The John Kasichs, the Lindsey Grahams, the Jeb Bushes make promises. How could we ever trust a word they say?
You get the final word. Is he going to win?
I agree.
You, too. Laura, great seeing you.
(INAUDIBLE) All right, when we come back, Rudy Giuliani will join us. And then later tonight, three of Donald Trump's children, Ivanka, Don, Jr., Tiffany will be here as we continue this election eve.
Donald Trump making his final pitch to voters in North Carolina, very important state, earlier today.
Joining us now with reaction, fresh off the campaign trail -- you would think he's running for president himself because he's been in every state with Donald Trump and on the campaign trail himself -- former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani.
Mr. Mayor, I laid out at the top of the show my final arguments. What's at stake here? What do you want to tell the American people...
OK.
Isn't that against the law?
Is that against the law?
Yes.
For Chelsea's wedding.
Apparently for a decades.
Well, apparently...
Oh, yes, big time.
Let me ask you this, Mr. Mayor.
They come here for treatment. They come to America to get treated more expeditiously.
Let me ask you this. Assuming he wins Iowa, assuming he wins Ohio, assuming he wins North Carolina, assuming he wins Florida, what state will take him over the top? Which states?
Those are two important areas.
How do you feel about November?
Mr. Mayor, it will shock the world. The world is watching.
All right, Mr. Mayor, I know you worked hard.
You probably deserve a vacation after this. I'll tell Donald to send you down to Mar-a-Lago. Thanks for being with us.
I've never been to one of his facilities. I've never got an invitation in my life. But I'll take it. I'll go.
We'll play a round a golf. All right, thank you, Mr. Mayor.
And three of Donald Trump's children, Ivanka, Don Jr., Tiffany, they'll join us next and explain why their father should be the next president. Their closing arguments coming up.
All right, Donald Trump earlier today campaigning today in the must win state of Florida. Tomorrow the nation will decide who will be the next president of the United States. And over the last few days Donald Trump and his family, they've been crisscrossing the nation and making their final push and their final arguments. Joining us now are four of Donald Trump's -- I'm sorry, three of them. We've got Ivanka, Tiffany and Don Jr. Guys, how are you all holding up? Ivanka, we'll start with you. How do you feel about tomorrow?
Yes. It's been really a family effort. Don is working the least. I notice that he's only doing five or six stops a day.
I've been texting Don, I'm like "What are you doing?" He's like "I'm here but I'm flying here, here, here, and here. I'll have a minute in two days from now." How are you feeling Don?
Tiffany, I know you've been working hard for you dad. How do you feel about the process so far?
Have -- when I look at the polls and I look at the Electoral College, Don, I'll throw this to you, it is neck in neck. Is it nerve- racking? Where do you feel your dad breaks through? He's obviously up in Iowa. I like his numbers in North Carolina. I like his numbers so far early in Florida. Florida is going to be a two-point race either way at the end of the day. And Ohio looks pretty good for your dad. And now you of got to get to the final states. Which states are you feeling the best about considering you've been to all of them and then some?
I'll ask specifically, how do you think in any way -- and I've seen a change in your dad from my perspective. I have known your dad a long time. Have you seen a change in your father? Any of you that want to weigh?
What is the change, Ivanka.
Tiffany, do you see a change in your dad?
And by the way, he -- I think he does like eight states to Hillary's two. He's certainly like the energizer --
He talks about draining the swamp.
Hillary does need Jay-Z dropping the n-word and f-bombs and Beyonce and the Obamas and Bruce Springsteen to get a crowd. And it is interesting that your dad is filling up arenas all around the country. We have a couple more minutes with Ivanka, Tiffany, Donald Trump Jr. right after the break as we continue.
As we continue on “Hannity” we continue with the children of GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump Jr., Ivanka, and Tiffany.
Don, let me ask you this question because I know you and I talk a lot about politics and I've known you for a while. You watch what James Comey has done here. We don't even know if an investigation is ongoing into the Clinton Foundation and the pay to play scandal. We've learned through WikiLeaks CNN is asking the DNC questions for your father. We know that they really screwed over Bernie Sanders. We know that CNBC, MSNBC, the New York Times, almost the entire media establishment has been against your father and now, we can prove it. Is that hard to discover, all of the corruption at this level?
It scares me, too. I've been in radio, my 30th year, 21 years now on Fox. And I've got to tell you, as much as I believed government was corrupt, I never knew it was this bad. Drain the swamp is probably the most-appropriate way to deal with that.
All right, last question for all of you. I know you guys have got to run. Ivanka, how hard is it to read a newspaper, to watch a news program, and people hammering your dad every day, but they don't really hammer Hillary, and there is so much that the WikiLeaks scandal that the media just ignored. How hard is it to hear that about your own father?
Last word, Tiffany?
There's a great video about your dad hiring a former boxer, I'll urge people. I'll re-tweet it again tonight.
Listen, good luck to all of you. By the way Ivanka, Tiffany, that guy that's to your left, he's running for office one day. I just want to give you a head's up if you want to distance yourself from him now.
Guys good to see you, best of luck tomorrow. Appreciate you being with us.
When we come back, we have more “Hannity” right after this break.
Welcome back to “Hannity.” Unfortunately that is all the time we have left. You want a better country, go out and vote tomorrow. It is so important. If you're in those important states, if you're in Florida, if you're in North Carolina, if you're in New Hampshire, if you're in Ohio, and if you're in Iowa, if you're in Pennsylvania, Michigan, Minnesota, if you're in Wisconsin, Colorado is huge, Nevada is huge, Arizona, huge, New Mexico -- you can come through and save your country. And you'll get the country at the end, in the end, that you deserve.
We'll see you back here very soon. Bret Baier is up next. Have a great night. Content and Programming Copyright 2016 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 186  ***************************************************
 
show#: 187  ***************************************************
 All right, finally fighting back. Now, we're going to have a lot more on all of this later tonight in our mini monologue, including very important information on what you can personally do to stand up and fight for the agenda you want.
But first, it is time for the American people to call for the destruction of what is a two-tiered justice system in America and return to the rule of law.
Now, while the destroy Trump media and the left is so busy with their witch hunt, Russia, collusion, well, there are actual real scandals and actual crimes that are completely being ignored in this country. So now the American people -- you better start demanding congressional hearings, investigations because we can no longer ignore what is the biggest double standard I've seen in my lifetime.
Start with Hillary Clinton. We all know she mishandled secret, top secret, classified, special access program information. She also deleted. Nobody in the Trump campaign or the Trump White House deleted 33,000 emails. Nobody in the Trump campaign or the administration smashed her mobile devices with a hammer. Last week, we told you about how Clinton's lawyers finally turned over to the FBI BlackBerrys and other devices? Oh, but they didn't have the SIM cards in them! And her server scandal is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to what needs to be investigated. All of us -- we'd go to jail!
There's Uranium One. Remember? During her tenure as secretary of state, Hillary Clinton -- she personally signed off on giving up to 20 percent of America's uranium, the foundational material for nuclear weapons, to Vladimir Putin and the Russians, a real Russia conspiracy that nobody in the media is covering! And while the people who were tied to this deal, they kicked back, what, some $145-plus million. And during the same time, Bill Clinton -- he doubled his speaking fees in Moscow.
Now, that's actual Russian collusion. And if we're going to investigate Jared Kushner, Don Fr., this needs to be investigated!
Then there's this comment from Hillary Clinton back in 2016. Take a look. She's admitting to doing the very thing the media says is so terrible! Take a look.
Now, given what we know about Ukrainian election interference, that sounds like a pretty damming omission (sic) from Hillary Clinton. Is it possible that other foreign actors were working to assist her campaign? And by the way, did it go further than just endorsements? These are questions we need answers to and these people need to be put under oath. That's plain and simple.
And as we have been telling you about, there is the issue of possible Ukrainian election collusion. Now, the scandal revolves around one-time DNC operative, along with the Ukrainian government officials -- they worked during the campaign to hurt Donald Trump, to help Hillary Clinton. Are we ever going to look into that?
We also have the former Obama Attorney General Loretta Lynch, OK, influencing the FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton's server, former FBI dDirector James Comey testifying that Lynch pressured him to call the investigation -- and it was an investigation -- a matter, which Comey agreed to do. That's a Clinton talking point. There's Lynch's 40-minute tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton only days before Comey's announcement about Clinton in that July. You, the American people, you need to demand these issues get investigated.
Then, of course, I think one of the most dangerous issues America is facing is the deep state. There has been an unprecedented amount of leaks of classified raw intelligence to the press in this country. There was a recent report -- over 125 leaks in 126 days. These things need to be investigated. The only crime that we know was committed in this whole Russia collusion wild goose chase is the unmasking and leaking of raw intelligence about Lieutenant General Michael Flynn and giving his name to The Washington Post. That is a violation of the Espionage Act. That's a felony. That's a crime. That needs to be investigated.
And James Comey -- remember? He gives his memo to a friend to leak to The New York Times all in the hopes it'll lead to the appointment of a special counsel, which it did. Special counsel turns out to be Robert Mueller, a guy who's now carrying out a witch hunt, a guy who has massive conflicts of interest. Here's the proof. Bloomberg reported last week Mueller is now looking into business deals conducted by President Trump and people connected to his campaign. The Wall Street Journal reported last week the special counsel is investigating Paul Manafort for possible money-laundering.
Mueller should be investigating who is potentially committing crimes by leaking that information to the press! These leaks have been going on for months and months and months, seven times more than the previous two administrations, and nothing is being done to stop them.
And aside from these potentially criminal leaks, well, Mueller has massive conflicts of interest. Like when he, for example -- he's interviewing the FBI director, remember, the day before the FBI director goes before the Senate Intelligence Committee? Oh, OK, he was talking to him.
And it doesn't end there for Mueller. He's best friends with Comey, the star witness in the investigation, which could be, by the way, a violation of law. Mueller hired members of his team who donated thousands and thousands of dollars to Democrats, Obama supporters, Hillary supporters. Look at the chart! His investigators have donated tens of thousands of dollars to Clinton, Obama, Democrats. And it gets worse. One of the lawyers on Mueller's team that he hired -- he previously worked for the Clinton Foundation! Is this not beyond corrupt, a conflict of interest?
You also have the fake news dossier from the opposition research firm, Fusion GPS. They have ties to Democrat, Planned Parenthood. And according to reports, the dossier was originally commissioned by a Republican donor, but guess what? Eventually, a Clinton ally ended up funding the entire effort. And Christopher Steele, the former MI6 agent from Great Britain -- well, he put this disgusting hit piece together, cited Russian government sources or sources that were tied to the Russian government. Then there's the law firm that has ties to both Fusion GPS and the Russian lawyer who was in the June 2016 meeting with Donald Trump, Jr.
Now, what's so despicable, disgusting about all of this -- Democrats feigning moral outrage about the idea of Russia and collusion, were all but willing to repeat information from that phony dossier that used Russian sources in many cases. Now, the Senate Judiciary Committee has subpoenaed the founder or the co-founder of Fusion GPS. His attorneys say he's going to plead the 5th.
And tonight, we want to tell you about a brand-new scandal. Check out this headline from the DailyCaller. Exclusive: FBI seized smashed hard drives from Wasserman Shultz IT aide's home. Now, this comes as Fox News recently reported that Debbie Wasserman Schultz, after months of stonewalling -- kind of like Hillary -- is only now willing to cooperate in this Democratic IT scandal, where contractors are accused of taking hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment and may have hacked into lawmaker emails.
So if you're like me, I am sick and tired of a one-way street here, a dual system of justice. We don't have equal justice under the law. Nobody in the Trump campaign gave uranium to Vladimir Putin. Nobody deleted emails with BleachBit. Nobody smashed devices with hammers. Nobody colluded with Ukraine and went to the Ukrainian embassy.
So if you want your agenda passed, it's time to stand up, engage, push back against those that are trying to stop this president's agenda, which you, the American people, voted for. Everything that's been happening, all the attacks against the president is an attempt to overturn the results of the election. Those five forces that we keep telling you about are all in.
And on Friday, by the way, we saw once again our friend, Pat Buchanan. He summed it up perfectly! They smell blood in their nostrils! This is the swamp, the sewer of Washington! Watch this.
Now, Patrick Buchanan is right. The president's agenda is at a tipping point. If you want to win, if you want your agenda passed, you better get behind and stand up now for what you believe in.
Here with reaction, former governor of New Hampshire, former White House chief of staff John Sununu. Do you agree with Pat Buchanan?
Governor...
I don't mean to interrupt you. I agree. Where are the Republicans? They have the House and Senate? They're not calling these people to testify like Jared Kushner, nor (ph) the Republicans for seven years promised repeal, replace. How do you justify not getting that done?
You know, Governor, I guess there's a fine line here. I mean, when I bring up the Ukrainian issue, the Uranium One issues, destroying 33,000 e-mails and phones and BlackBerrys and breaking them with hammers and BleachBitting things -- and to think none of that is under investigation, according to my sources, none of it! How is that possible?
Where are they?
What about -- what are your thoughts on Mueller?
Governor, how do you justify hiring Hillary Clinton's attorney, only Obama, Hillary and Democratic donors, investigating Trump? How is that possible? How's that fair?
All right, so my -- my next question is, for the president moving forward, if he can't get the Congress to do this on heath care, what would you advise him to do? I thought he gave a great speech today. We're going to play a part of it as the program unfolds. What are the important items for the Republicans? Don't they risk their own power if they don't keep that seven-year promise?
If President Trump asked you to help him, advise him as a former chief of staff, would you do it?
You're always so shy.
All the years I've known you, you've been so shy and demure. I can't believe (INAUDIBLE)
It's amazing.
All right, Governor, good too see you. Thank you for being with us.
And up next on this busy breaking news night tonight on "Hannity"...
President Trump and I and other conservatives -- Republicans, do your job. Keep your promises. Ari Fleischer, Larry Elder weigh in next. Also Jared Kushner, a strong defense today. He says he did not collude with the Russians. All of that and an investigation tonight on "Hannity." Peter Schweizer's Government Accountability Institute has a new report on foreign donations helping Democrats in American elections. Democrats have explaining to do as we continue.
All right, that was the president earlier today explaining why Republicans must do something, keep their promise, repeal, replace "Obama care."
He with reaction, former White House press secretary, Fox News contributor Ari Fleischer, and Salem radio nationally syndicated host, Larry Elder.
Ari, I'll got with you and I'll start with you. I like that the president was back on message today and I like that the message was really geared in a pretty aggressive way to Republicans. And I really believe after watching Jared Kushner today, this is all going to go away. Now Republicans got to do their job.
All right, Larry Elder, let's go to -- I think the White House strategy has certainly been more aggressive. We're talking about Sebastian Gorka. Kellyanne this weekend was amazing. Anthony Scaramucci is out (ph) taking it to the media. And Scaramucci said one other thing that I think if this president is ever going to be successful, the leaks in the White House, and then I'd argue the deep state, 100 -- there's been, like, 150 of those, almost daily, have to stop. Here's what Scaramucci said.
He will fire them all, but I think even more dangerous to the president are deep state leaks from our intelligence community that have almost been daily.
All right, last question. And I'll start with Ari. Ari, should the Republicans who control all these committees, when you see real collusion with Ukraine and then you've got real -- a real Russia conspiracy with Uranium One -- should those committees, if we believe in equal justice under the law and fundamental fairness, should they be bringing those people involved in to these committees?
If we're going to have -- if it's good for the goose, it's good for the gander. I think a lot of people feel that way. But good advice from both of you. Thanks for being with us.
All right, when we come back, we have a brand-new import -- a report tonight about campaign foreign donations raising a lot of questions. And how do the Clintons make so much money from foreign governments? Peter Schweizer has an exclusive report tonight on "Hannity."
And also tonight...
Four (ph) members of the Trump administration -- they are fighting back. Jared Kushner -- he defends himself against the allegations he colluded with the Russians. We'll check in with Sara Carter, Gregg Jarrett.
All of that, plus my important monologue tonight about how you, who voted for Donald Trump, can stand up to fake news and defend the agenda you voted for straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So for months, the left has been completely obsessed with the possibility of Russia collusion in the 2016 presidential election, nonstop coverage. Democrats have vowed to get to the bottom of all of this alleged foreign meddling, except, of course, when it comes to their own fundraiser. A brand new study from Peter Schweizer and the Government Accountability Institute shows that as of 2016 fewer than 10 percent of Democratic lawmakers with active donation pages on their website require a card verification value, it's known as a CVV, in order to make a contribution.
On the other side of the aisle, the Republicans are a much different story -- 91 percent of Republicans require the CVV. Now this system is important because it insures the credit cardholder is in possession of the card therefore prevent fraudulent donations by foreign actors and others trying to influence, for example, our election process.
Joining us now to discuss the latest example of left wing hypocrisy, one of the people behind this study, the president of the Government Accountability Institute as well as the author of the bestselling book "Clinton Cash, The Untold Story," oh, I forgot the title, "How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Very Rich," Peter Schweizer. Peter, tell us about this.
All right, so I am trying to point out a double standard to this audience, and when you have a DNC paid operative, meaning at the Ukrainian embassy, the Ukrainian ambassador, and it's reported in "Politico" six months ago, on top of the Uranium One deal, Hillary's deal where she signs off on giving Vladimir Putin and the Russians 20 percent of our uranium.
And how rich did they get? How rich did the Clinton's get?
Pretty amazing double standard. Thanks for holding government accountable. We're trying to do the same thing here. Peter Schweizer, we appreciate it.
And up next on this busy breaking news night tonight on Hannity.
Jared Kushner could not be any more clear. He did not collude with the Russians during the election. Sara Carter, Gregg Jarrettt, they are here with their take next.
Also later tonight, I have a very important mini-monologue, and it's about how you, the American people, how you can stand up to fake news and stand up for the agenda to those that are trying to destroy what you voted for in November. Hope you'll stay with us, straight ahead.
That was Jared Kushner, President Trump's son-in-law and a senior White House advisor, defending himself against the left's unrelenting attacks that he colluded with Russia during the 2016 election. Today Kushner, he spoke with members of the Senate Intel Committee.
Joining us now with reaction, Fox News anchor, attorney Gregg Jarrett, and from CircaNews.com Sara Carter. There's one thing he said here. I didn't have financial dealings, and then he went on to say, you know, I had contacts, incoming contacts with people from approximately 15 countries. To put these requests in context, I got thousands of emails, letters, calls for people wanting to talk to me on a variety of issues. I try to be respectful of any foreign government with whom it would be important to maintain an ongoing productive working relationship for the candidate to prevail. I am trying to understand what is wrong with that, Sara, and how we are here in light of everything that his 11-page statement said today?
You know, he actually said, Gregg Jarrett, that after the election, after the election, he didn't even know who the Russian ambassador was by name, wouldn't have recognized his name. But I think perhaps the most exculpatory piece of evidence is he's writing in the middle of the meeting, the one that Don Jr. said was a nothing, he's writing to his assistant, get me out of here, this is a waste of my time. Doesn't that pretty much tell the whole story?
Sara, I go back to you because now we talk about a media going on 11 months now, that's how long this thing has been going on. Nobody that I know in the Trump campaign destroyed 33,000 emails, destroyed their iPhones, their BlackBerries with hammers, or like Debbie Wasserman Schultz, a computer with a hammer, and nobody talks about it but us. Why?
Guys, good to see you both, appreciate you insight.
And when we come back tonight on this busy breaking news night on HANNITY.
And two of the nicest people you will ever meet, and funniest, Diamond, and Silk, they get the final word with us all week this week on "Hannity."
And welcome back to "Hannity."
All right, so from the very moment Donald Trump announced he was running for office, the mainstream establishment media began their obsession with the man who would go on to become the 45th president of the United States. They mocked, they ridiculed the commander in chief. They continued to float their bizarre lies day in and out. Their goal is simple. They want to delegitimize, they want to destroy the presidency of Donald Trump.
Tonight, we're going to show you how to combat and fight back this unfair, this abusively biased fake news and hold members of the destroy Trump media accountable. It's our very important mini-monologue tonight.
Over the past few weeks, the Trump administration has been ramping up one of the most effective tactics for combating all the fake news. They have been speaking out on the very programs that spew the misinformation and lies about the president and standing up to these pundits and so-called journalists who treat the White House with hatred and disdain. I'm loving this fight back. Watch this.
Finally fighting back. And members of the Trump administration, they are beginning to shine a bright light on these dark corners of this fake news industry. And now thanks to social media you can, too. Remember when President Obama said this back in 2008?
I am not encouraging you to get in your neighbor's face like former President Obama did. Liberals would say I am calling for violence. But you can call out fake news right at the source. For example, you can tell fake news Jake Tapper exactly what you think of his interview with Anthony Scaramucci and you can do it on Twitter. Or you can message Brian Stelter, humpty dumpty, Jeff Zucker's stenographer, about his Russia, Russia, Russia obsession and lack of desire to be fair and balanced and point out Hillary, Uranium One, and felonies she committed. And of course you've got liberal Joe calling the president a schmuck, a goon, a thug, and mentally unhinged. Great job, NBC.
And if you don't think those remarks are appropriate, just send them a tweet. And over there of course you have Mika helping out, the over the top, feigning outrage every day. Her disgusting treatment of Kellyanne Conway, very despicable. You want to take it to the next level, write a message to their bosses, send a tweet over to Zucker over at fake news CNN or Andy Lack from NBC fake news.
Right now the media is living in their little bubble. It is our job to remind them that there is an America way outside of New York, D.C., Los Angeles, and San Francisco. Tonight technology is now making it possible for you to take your point of view directly to the source and show America's elites that the forgotten men and forgotten women of this country voted for this agenda, and they want it completed, and for them to stop lying to you. Take to the social media. I think you will have a positive impact.
And up next tonight here on "Hannity."
Two friends of mine, the viral conservative duo on social media defending President Trump, Diamond and Silk are back, and they get the final word all week this week on "Hannity."
Welcome back to "Hannity." So President Trump's supporters and, by the way, personal friends of mine, Diamond and Silk, they have become huge social media sensations, and all this week on "Hannity" they get the final word. And here's tonight's
Diamond and Silk, they get the final word all week. They are great people. I love them. You're going to love them by the end of the week.
Now, as always, thank you for being with us. That's all the time we have left. This show will always remain, thanks to you, fair and balanced. We are not the establishment media. See you tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 188  ***************************************************
 All right, we're going to have a lot more on President Trump's reaction later in the show. But first, pay very close attention if you are in the D.C. swamp. I have a very important message for you, Congressional Republicans.
You know, this was the Republicans' big chance. And up until now, they've completely blown it. Now, since 2011 -- remember the Republican-controlled House? They have voted a whopping 68 times to repeal, defund, delay parts of ObamaCare. Guess what? I guess it now turns out they were all phony show votes because they never used the power of the purse.
Where's the decisive action? You know, was this all a big game, a giant fraud perpetrated on the American people? Well, now you Republicans, you face a moment of truth. This is a tipping point. And as I said last night, if you want to be successful, if you want to hold onto your seats in 2018 in the midterms, there are four key things he better accomplish by the end of this year.
Remember, I said last night, we need to have completed at least, at least 200, 300 miles of the border wall and have a plan in place and fund the rest of it. In other words, fund the rest of building the wall.
Second -- this is not an option. ObamaCare repealing is not an option. You don't do your job, you, many of you, will be fired and deserve to be fired.
Third, you need to have an energy revolution. We need to be energy- independent. And we'll also create millions of high-paying career jobs to Americans that desperately need them.
The fourth and most important aspect of this, after you get the trillion- dollar savings from repealing ObamaCare, or at least trying to start repealing and replacing, then that trillion dollars -- well, then you add the middle-class tax cuts, the corporate tax cuts. That's got to be done soon, as well, and maybe make it retroactive.
Also, the repatriation, multinational corporations so they can invest trillions in manufacturing centers and factories here in America. We've got to get the 50 million Americans out of poverty, off of food stamps, back in the labor force and buying homes.
Now, how do you accomplish goal number three, which is repealing, replacing ObamaCare? Here's what you Republicans in Congress need to do. This is my recommendation to you. You're all pretty lazy. Both chambers need to get together. And we'll start with the Senate, 52 members. Get in a room. By the way, turn off the air-conditioner. Starts sweating like the rest of America. You know what? Use fans like our Founding Fathers and framers did.
And you know what? No Senate dining room food and fare for you. How about order some pizza, get some fast food, get some KFC, some Wendy's and (INAUDIBLE) -- I'll even send beer and Coke and Sprite. And you know what? Don't leave the room until you do your job and come out and say, "We have come to an agreement and we have a bill that we can put on President Trump's desk." In other words, serve the American people. Put up a big sign, America's promises, your promise to the American people. We are servants of the people. If you can't get this done, then new leaders need to be elected who can do your job.
And for example, in the Senate. Mitch McConnell, you can't get the job done, step aside and let's put somebody in your place. Now, to his credit, in the House, Paul Ryan did get a bill passed, not what I wanted but at least it was a great first start.
But you got to face facts here. This is beyond pathetic! It's now July 18th! All these years, all you Republicans promised, promised, promised, again, again, again that you're going to end the nightmare that is ObamaCare. Millions have lost their health care plans. They lost their doctors. They're paying on average $6,000 to $8,000 more a year because of ObamaCare. It's an epic failure!
And you know what? Coming close doesn't count. You people in Congress -- you are pampered. You are overpaid. You are spoiled. Just listen to all the perks these senators get to break their promises. All right, here's their salary, $174,000 a year, three times higher than the median household income. I know you have two homes. I get the whole argument.
You get free parking at work. You get free parking at airports. You get an average allowance of $3.3 million to maintain your offices and hire assistants. You also get taxpayer-subsidized haircuts. Why do I have to pay for your haircut at the Senate barbershop? You have access to the congressional gyms.
Well, guess what? Until you can keep your word, do your job, all these benefits need to go away. And the most important, stop with the vacations. You're in recess for 77 weekdays per year! I get it. Some of you need to spend a little time back in your districts, but not playing golf.
Do what you need to do. Stay at work. Stay in work all of August, and when you're in the middle of negotiating a bill, don't take off, don't go on vacation yet again, because you know what? It doesn't make sense. And it's exactly why the American people, and me included -- I'm fed up with all of you. This is why your approval rating is in the gutter. Latest Gallup poll, you're at 20 percent. Congratulations. You earned it.
And while Republicans continue to drag their feet and fail to rid the American people of the burdens of "Obama care," maybe it's time to think out of the box. You know, on TV and radio, I interview this doctor. I've been interviewing him since 2012. The guy is a genius. His name is Josh Umbehr. He runs a cost-effective health cooperative, concierge care for anybody that can pay $50 a month, on call 24/7 and -- 50 bucks a month, 10 bucks a month for kids.
Here's Dr. Umbehr explaining how it works. Maybe you should listen to real solutions. Take a listen.
Wow! It's such a simple concept. So instead of arguing over how much money the federal government should spend in subsidized health care, well, why don't you work on new paradigms, new ideas, things like Dr. Umbehr's been doing in Wichita, Kansas, to control costs? And by the way, he's duplicated that model in 600 other offices around the country.
And for the record, I'll accept the 2015 repeal of ObamaCare. And I'll accept a two-year transition period, which is their plan B, but only under this condition. You can't spend billions of new dollars in new spending.
Here with reaction, Fox News contributor Herman Cain. Herman, I'm angry! How is this possible? Seven years, give us the House, give us the Senate, give us the White House. How is this even possible?
OK, in fairness -- and the House didn't pass a home run, either.
Were it not for the Freedom Caucus, we'd have nothing passed.
But at least the CBO said, what, it was going to lower rates, what, 30 percent, 35 percent?
OK. The American people desperately need that relief.
I mean, after losing their doctors, plans and having no options in rural counties all across the country -- here's my next question. Do you like my idea? Let's put a few fans in a room. Let's take their air- conditioner away. Let's take their Senate fare (ph) dining room privileges away. Let's take their barbershop privileges away. Let's take away their health care privileges.
How about they eat pizza. And by the way, Godfather's is fine.
Free Pepsi. I mentioned. Coke. I know you work for Pepsi.
OK. Sorry! I don't know your whole resume!
How about they eat KFC, Wendy's, McDonald's and pizza. And don't leave the room until you do your job. Seven years is long enough!
Amen.
Herman...
The free market works!
Health savings accounts, Dr. Umbehr's health care cooperative. It all works.
This is not brain surgery. All right, 999. We remember your plan.
Haven't forgotten that.
I know. All right. My good friend, Herman Cain.
When we come back, we're going to check in with the Freedom Caucus chairman, Mark Meadows. He'll joining us, along with former chairman of the Freedom Caucus, Jim Jordan. They will react to the Senate's epic "Obama care" failure and what needs to be done.
Then later, you don't want to miss a very important mini monologue. We have new information tonight. The FBI released e-mails related to the Clinton server investigation. Was there a grand jury impaneled? Did she obstruct justice? Wait until you hear what we have uncovered. Gregg Jarrett, Tom Fitton and Jay Sekulow will react.
All of that, and Tomi Lahren has the final word again tonight.
That was the president earlier today, reacting to the Senate's failure to repeal and replace" Obama care" after seven long years of promises. He's disappointed. He has a right to be,
Now, my next two guests support this clean repeal, what they did in 2015, of this disastrous law. Joining us now with reaction, Freedom Caucus chairman Congressman Mark Meadows, North Carolina, and Freedom Caucus -- well, former chairman -- they fired him -- Congressman Jim Jordan of Ohio.
You didn't get fired. I'm kidding. We're friends.
All right, look, I know how hard -- the health care bill in the House wouldn't have got passed without the Freedom Caucus. And I know the endless hours you all worked to make it happen. And it wasn't perfect, but it was a single, may be a double, if I'm being generous. But it was progress.
This is a seven-year promise. I like the clean repeal idea, but three Republican senators -- you have, what, Collins, Murkowski and Capito, I think is her name, all saying they're against it. We don't have the votes already for that! Congressman Meadows.
Yes. And Congressman Jordan?
Is there anybody at all on the Democratic side of the aisle that's willing in any way to help? Is Joe Manchin, any Democrat you can think of? Or are they just, you know, literally sheep?
Right.
Yes, listen, I actually-...
Congressman Meadows, this could actually work out better. You repeal it first. And they all voted for it, as you said, in 2015.
If you -- then you could really make -- add the cooperatives I'm talking about, add the health savings accounts we've been talking about, add the catastrophic care that I've been talking about...
... I think it could work out better.
Well, I got to say something publicly. I've said it on my radio show. Honestly, without the Freedom Caucus, I have zero confidence in anybody in D.C. That is so sad. You are the only guys that are fighting and have a sense of urgency and are trying to thread the needle and get the job done. And I give you guys a lot of credit. There are a few guys in the Senate. I'll give them credit, too. But really, the Freedom Caucus -- you know, you guys are the ones fighting. And I -- there are those of us that appreciate it. Thank you.
When we come back, I have probably more evidence of Hillary corruption in our mini monologue tonight because the FBI released a batch of e-mails related to Hillary's server scandal. And oh! Wait until you hear what we have discovered! Nobody's reporting it. Gregg Jarrett, Tom Fitton, Jay Sekulow with reaction. And Tomi Lahren is back tonight. She has the final word all week here on "Hannity" as we continue on this busy breaking news night. Stay with us.
Welcome back to "Hannity." All right, so we have a big breaking news scandal that the media has buried. Now, as you know, we've been following three major scandals that the destroy Trump media, the establishment media doesn't care to cover because it doesn't fit into their biased and ideological agenda. Tonight, we're going to add a fourth scandal with new evidence emerging that Hillary Clinton, in fact, may very well have obstructed justice. If you haven't heard about it before, it's tonight's important mini monologue.
All right, before I get to the new breaking scandal, let me explain everything we have now been telling you on this program. Let's we start with the major issue of Ukrainian election interference. Unlike the black helicopter, tinfoil hat, Russia collusion conspiracy theories that the left has now been pushing, we have real evidence of collision. We know that there is an effort to pass along information to the DNC and the Clinton campaign. We know that there is an impact on the election. Remember? Former Trump campaign manager, Paul Manafort, he resigned from the Trump campaign.
Let's look at the facts. Back in January Politico published this explosive story. The headline was "Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump backfire. Kiev officials are scrambling to make amends with the president- elect after quietly working to boost Hillary Clinton." The scandal allegedly involves a one-time DNC operative. Her name -- Alexandra Chalupa. And the Ukraine government officials who according to Politico, they worked to undermine and damage the Trump campaign and to assist Hillary Clinton, collusion. And according to Politico, Chalupa, who worked for the Clinton White House reportedly tried to expose the former Trump campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, and also met with Ukrainian diplomats at the Ukrainian embassy. And Chalupa told "Politico" that those Ukrainian diplomats were, quote, "helpful" when it came to finding leads and digging up dirt.
And then there's this damning quote about Chalupa in the article. Quote, "She occasionally shared her findings with officials from the DNC and Clinton's campaign." That's pretty shocking which is why you, the American people, need information about what Chalupa discussed with the DNC and the Clinton campaign.
Once again, we did reach out to Chalupa. We want comment. We still have not heard back from this DNC operative. Chalupa, big surprise, on Friday she gave a statement to the fake news network, CNN. Here's part of the quote, "During the 2016 U.S. election, I was a part-time consultant for the DNC running in ethnic engagement program. I was not an opposition researcher for the DNC. The DNC never asked me to go to the Ukrainian embassy to collect information." By the way, during a long period of time, she made over $412,000. That was in the "Politico" article.
Chalupa also admitted that she did meet with Ukrainian officials at the Ukrainian embassy. Here's the thing, if the "Politico" story was wrong, if it was inaccurate, then why did Chalupa wait six months to now finally correct the record? Could it be we are covering this every night?
There's another major scandal we've been covering. That's the Uranium One deal. We've been telling you, this is the real Russia collusion conspiracy story that the media, they don't want to pay attention to. Take a look at this chart. During her tenure as secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, remember, she signed off a waiver approving, giving up to 20 percent of America's uranium, the foundational material for nuclear weapons to Vladimir Putin and the Russians.
And while this was happening, those who were involved in that deal, they kicked back $145 million to the Clinton Foundation. And of course Bill Clinton, he doubled his speaking fees in Moscow. I don't know about you, but where I'm from, that's called bribery. That's called pay to play.
Then the third scandal we've been telling you about, that's the fake news dossier. Remember, put together, the group connected to the Clinton campaign, Fusion GPS. The opposition research group has ties to the Democrats, liberal groups like Planned Parenthood. And according to reports, this dossier first commissioned, yes, by a Republican donor, but eventually a Clinton ally ended up paying for this. And what's so disturbing is Christopher Steele, he's the former MI6 agent from Great Britain, he put this smear document together. What was he relying on? Russian government sources. Some of them we're told were paid, or sources with ties to the Russian government.
And there's a law firm connected to both Fusion GPS and that Russian lawyer who met with Donald Trump, Jr., in 2016. This is a massive double standard from Democrats on this fake news dossier. They've been hyperventilating, so emotional about the notion of Russian collusion and other countries trying to impact our elections, but they've been perfectly fine repeating in public, unproven information in the dossier, remember, hookers, Ritz Carlton, urinating on a bed. Now, as we've just said, in some cases they relied on phony Russian sources.
Now in addition tonight to those three scandals there's a new one you need to know about, and it involves Hillary Clinton, shocker. This involves possible obstruction of justice. Last Friday the media didn't really report on this a lot. The FBI did release 42 heavily redacted pages about its criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton's email server, you know, in the mom and pop shop bathroom closet. Several of the documents have sections that were marked as grand jury information. And here's the potentially criminal part. One of the pages in the FBI, it released details how Clinton's lawyers handed over one of Hillary's iPads and two of her BlackBerry devices to the FBI. Remember she said I only wanted to keep it on one device.
And here's where it gets really interesting. Fox News' Pamela Browne, she connected the dots for us. In a separate document obtained by Judicial Watch, buried in a footnote is the fact that two BlackBerries that Clinton's legal team handed over to the FBI, they didn't have any SIM cards. What does that mean? They were essentially worthless to the FBI. So now the question is, well, what did they do with those SIM cards? And the other question is, did the FBI demand that they be turned over? Is this obstruction of justice?
On top of, of course, not handing over the SIM cards, remember, the person who did this because she wanted the convenience of one device, well, she also deleted over 30,000 emails. Remember she used BleachBit. In other words, she acid washed her computer. Then according to the FBI on at least two occasions Clinton aids, they took a hammer and they destroyed her old mobile devices. This is beyond damning information. It needs to be investigated further.
Where is the call for the special counsel? Where are the congressional committees that are issuing subpoenas? Where's the outrage, hysteria, from the leftwing especially media, from Democrats that have been Russia, Russia, Russia? We've been saying the people involved in all of this, they all need to be put under oath. They need to explain exactly what happened here. If you did it at home, you would be in handcuffs, perp walked, mug shots, all over the newspapers. It's time we have equal justice under the law. Restore the rule of law in this country. Hold Hillary Clinton to the same legal standards as all of us. Enough is enough of this two-tiered justice system. You, the American people, you deserve better. And we're going to continue to fight for the truth.
And coming up, we will get reaction to our mini monologue. Gregg Jarrett, Judicial Watch's Tom Fitton, and Jay Sekulow will all join us next. Then later tonight, Tomi Lahren returns. She gets the final word tonight and all week as we continue on this busy breaking news night edition of "Hannity."
Welcome back to HANNITY. As we just laid out in our mini monologue, last week's FBI document dump related to the Bureau's pure investigation into Hillary Clinton is raising serious questions that the media of course is ignoring. Here with reaction, FOX News anchor, attorney Gregg Jarrett, from Judicial Watch Tom Fitton, and one of President Trump's attorneys, the chief counsel for the American Center for Law and Justice, Jay Sekulow.
Jay, let me start with you, because I wanted to lay this out. You've got Uranium One, you've got the dossier, and you've got the Ukraine issue. Nobody paid attention to these documents by the FBI. How damning are they from your perspective as a lawyer?
Gregg Jarrett, remember the entire issue? Hillary Clinton was telling us everything was predicated, I only used one device. And then the video came out. What do you use? Oh, an iPhone, a BlackBerry, an iPad? Then we found out they took a hammer and destroyed them. Then she hands over to the FBI others ones that don't have SIM cards. Maybe I'm not a lawyer that you are, but gee, why do I think if I did that I would be going to jail and calling you from a payphone?
Tom Fitton, you spent a lot of time making these Freedom of Information Act requests from the government. Pam Browne did great job putting that all together. What does it tell you from your perspective and what you developed?
The thing is, Jay, it's the opposite of the deep state selective leaking on the president. And more importantly, what do you make of the grand jury reference? Can you infer anything from that at all?
Gregg, I'm going to ask you that same question when we get back. We're going to have more Gregg, more Tom, more with Jay right after this. And then later tonight --
Our friend, conservative political commentator Tomi Lahren, she is here with the last word tonight, the final word tonight and all week as "Hannity" continues.
Welcome back to "Hannity" as we continue with Gregg Jarrett, Tom Fitton, and Jay Sekulow. All right, Gregg, I'll go back to you. So the deep state selected leaking comes out fast and furious. As Tom was mentioning, there is a slow drip on Hillary information and release of the FBI information. What do you make of the grand jury footnote?
Tom, is there anything else you can share that you've gotten from the Freedom of Information Act request that Judicial Watch has made?
Jay, I agree with Gregg. We have got to reopen these cases. That's pay to play. That's bribery. This is obstruction of justice. This was two prevent Congressional oversight with the mom and pop shop bathroom closet and the deletion of emails and this new information. What does it take to get an investigation into multiple, serious felonies if your last name isn't Trump or Hannity or Sekulow?
Ukraine, Uranium One, this new information from the FBI tonight, of course, the ridiculous dossier. I want everybody under oath in investigations and stop the hyperventilating, the double standard, the breathless reporting and ignoring real crimes. That's what I want. Good to see you all. Thank you for being with us.
And up next on this busy breaking news night tonight here on "Hannity" --
Amen. Tomi Lahren is up next. She has the final word tonight and all night right here on "Hannity" as we continue.
All this week, our friend, conservative political commentator Tomi Lahren, she gets the final word on the program. And here is tonight's Tomi.
All right, Tomi, great comments, totally agree. Don't forget, tune in, by the way, to the Fox News Channel right here tomorrow, 5:00 eastern. Tomi will be on the Fox News show "The Specialists." That's 5:00 eastern tomorrow.
That's all the time we have left this evening. Thank you for being with us. This show will always be fair and balanced. We are not the destroy- Trump establishment media. Thank God. See you back here tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 189  ***************************************************
 Now, the FBI director is basically saying there Clinton broke the law. What law? 18 US Code 1924. What is that? The unauthorized removal and retention of classified documents and material.
Let's continue. Let's watch Comey say this.
All right, what is he saying? What law comes into play here that Clinton violated? 18 U.S. Code 793, gathering, transmitting or losing Defense information, which we know with 99 percent certainty that, in fact, five foreign intelligence agencies were able to get a hold of.
Here's the next part.
Extremely careless, but the law states gross negligence. What's the difference? Here the laws that were violated here, 18 U.S. Code 793, again, gathering, transmitting or losing defense information and 18 U.S. Code 1905, disclosure of confidential information generally. OK?
Let's go to Comey's next statement.
Ah. Amazing. Here are the laws that apply here -- 18 U.S. Code 798, disclosure of classified information, again 18 U.S. Code 792, gathering, transmitting, losing Defense information, 18 U.S. Code 1905, disclosure of confidential information generally.
Now, this is only the tip of the iceberg. All of these are serious, prosecutable crimes, which Comey ignored. And by the way, there's a former Navy machinist, his name is Christian Saucier. He's sitting behind bars tonight. He's serving a year sentence for taking six pictures of the submarine that he worked on. Hillary Clinton? She got to walk free.
Now, there's also the fact that James Comey had no business ever holding that press conference in the first place and determining whether or not there was enough evidence to recommend charges against Hillary Clinton. Now, that right exclusively belongs to the attorney general of the United States, not James Comey! And he was supposed to do -- all he was supposed to so is present evidence and not exercise any sort of prosecutorial power.
Now, if the destroy Trump media -- they want to talk about a real Russian collusion scandal, not some bizarre tinfoil hat conspiracy theory like the one they've been pushing for the last eight-plus months without any evidence -- let's talk about the Clinton Foundation. Let's talk about the Uranium One deal.
Where was James Comey on this? Now, our friend Peter Schweizer, who wrote the book "Clinton Cash," he did all the legwork for the FBI on this one. All Comey had to do was follow through and check out the facts for himself. In this deal, Hillary Clinton signed off on giving 20 percent of America's uranium to Vladimir Putin, to the Russians. And in exchange, investors who profited from this deal gave or pledged up to $145 million to the Clinton Foundation!
And in 2010, oh, Bill Clinton -- remember, she was secretary of state -- he was paid a half a million dollars for a speech in Moscow -- twice his normal speaking fee -- by a Russian bank that had ties to the Kremlin and that had a buy rating on Uranium One stock!
Now, where's the outrage from the destroy Trump media? Where's the outrage from the destroy Trump Democrats over this? They barely even talked about this massive scandal despite mountains of evidence and obvious wrongdoing.
Now, if Comey cared even a little bit about the rule of law, the Constitution, he would have launched an investigation into the Clinton Foundation. But he didn't do that because he was too busy playing politics.
Then there's the egregious violation of our 4th Amendment privacy rights. Did he care about that? Unreasonable search and seizure, and the Obama administration surveilling, unmasking the identity of American citizens and then leaking their names?
Their identities are supposed to be protected through a process. Number one, first you need a warrant, and then if, in fact, you are incidentally surveilled, they're supposed to do minimization, a process by which they minimize what they learn about what the American's saying. But as we saw in the case of Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, well, he was incidentally surveilled, unmasked, and then that information was leaked to the press, which is a crime, a violation of the Espionage Act.
Now, in this entire Russia conspiracy bizarre world we're now living in, the only crime that we know for sure that was committed for certain was against Lieutenant General Michael Flynn. Once again, Comey didn't seem to care or even be concerned with what happened.
So to all the members of the destroy Trump media, the destroy Trump Democrats -- now never-Trumpers are excited. "We were right!" They want relevance again. Well, that's the truth that James Comey got what he deserved! He needed to be fired.
But make no mistake, the desire by the media, the D.C. deep state swamp, Democrats, weak establishment Republicans that never supported the president or then candidate Trump, and never-Trumpers -- they're now -- they're now out there thinking they're back in the game.
Now, in many, many ways, they have created this alliance, and that's a clear and present danger, I'm arguing, to the president. They smell blood in the water. They're pushing bizarre conspiracies. They're not standing up for the rule of law, equal justice under the law. Very dangerous time we're living in.
Joining us now from the American Center for Law and Justice, their chief counsel, Jay Sekulow. Why don't I just get your response. Is there anything as a lawyer legally that I'm saying here based on Comey's own words that's not true?
I think that's a pretty profound insight. Are there any other laws potentially that you see that Hillary Clinton violated? You know, everybody is acting so sanctimonious and they're so concerned about Russia collusion. James Clapper -- I'll play it if you want -- he said there is no evidence. The same thing with Admiral Rogers. There is no evidence. I'm open, if you got it. Show it to me, but after all these months, it's now lie and innuendo and -- and -- and frankly bordering on just slander this point.
But why would the media ignore all of these crimes that we now know Hillary committed? The evidence is overwhelming, incontrovertible. Do you agree with me that in many ways, there's a two-tiered justice system created by Comey, that Comey had to be fired...
... no equal justice under the law?
Crimes committed by Hillary Clinton, email server, and again, gross negligence is the legal standard, and he used the term...
All right, reckless, you know, being reckless, same thing in my mind. Then we got the Clinton Foundation. Isn't that a real Russia conspiracy? And then you got leaking of intelligence, which is a crime, the one crime we know was committed. He didn't pursue anything on that, either. So...
... if you're the FBI director, and -- in these cases, you knowingly have crimes, and then he won't even put to rest, and he's feeding into a conspiracy.
Let me play James Clapper before we get to this answer. So all these three things are happening, and Clapper even said this to the American people that nobody seems to remember.
And Admiral Rogers!
Go ahead.
And Hillary should...
She should have been -- at least a grand jury convened.
Empaneled.
All right, Jay Sekulow. Thank you for your analysis.
Important (ph) times. We got to get to the truth.
And when we come back, a very important mini monologue, how the president should restructure White House press briefings to better serve you, the American people, rather than the gotcha lying (ph) propaganda media. Laura Ingraham will weigh in.
And also tonight...
Tonight, we'll call out the destroy Trump propaganda media and their bias, a brand-new segment that we're laying out tonight, and that is the fake news round-up with Geraldo, and of course, Monica Crowley straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So the destroy Trump propaganda media -- they're going to stop at nothing to malign President Trump and members of his administration! Week after week, we see the liberal media using White House press briefings to cause confusion and controversy and chaos. I think it's time to restructure it, these daily briefings, so that all members of the press corps end up serving you, the American people, and not themselves. Tonight's mini monologue.
All right, so daily White House press briefings have turned into nothing more than a dog and pony show and are no longer serving the country. Instead, with few exceptions, we see liberal so-called journalists trying to make a name for themselves with their big gotcha questions and other combative, attention-seeking behavior.
Now, as we've said many times on this show, the president, he doesn't need biased traditional media to reach you, the American people. We now have Facebook, and he has over 50 million followers on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram. The president is in a position, a unique position to communicate daily and directly with the country without using the press as his messenger.
Now, in order to benefit the American public, if these daily briefings do continue, I would argue they need to be restructured.
First, the White House press team should regularly develop a list of the top and most important 15, 20, 25 issues of the day.
Next, the media, well, they should be able to submit questions about these issues in writing, give the White House time to respond with clarity and specificity. And if Sean Spicer then wants to take a couple of questions from the briefing room podium, that's fine, but only on those specific topics, and he should also follow up in writing on any other questions they may have. Also, what about taking questions from you, the American people, on Facebook?
Now, if the White House follows this plan, I think the destroy Trump propaganda media will have a much harder time distorting, misrepresenting the Trump administration's positions, and you, the American people, will be better served.
Isn't it really about the better -- the better serving of the American people? Isn't it about just getting to the truth, not gotcha?
Joining us now, editor-in-chief, Lifezette, Fox News contributor, nationally syndicated radio host Laura Ingraham. Thoughts?
Well, especially now in the age of social media.
Do you watch Bill Belichick give a press conference? No.
Yes.
No. I already answered that. I love it.
You know, there's certain things we got to remember here, and I want you to comment on this. One, we know they colluded via Wikileaks with Hillary Clinton. So we know they're biased. Two, we watch these questions. They're clear gotcha questions. And three, there's no fidelity, it seems, to serve the American people and actually get to the truth, which is why they won't focus on why Comey really needed to be fired, which I talked about in the last segment.
Well, you think it, but there's something that's happening. I mean, there is a huge -- look, "Saturday Night Live" had record ratings this year. Colbert was dead and buried by Kimmel and Fallon. He's been revitalized. He's now number one, I think, in late night. You know, you see the kook tinfoil left conspiracy. TV works. You know, there are news networks that devote themselves 24/7 to conspiracy, and they're getting record ratings for that. So it actually works.
Bernstein? Yes.
By the way, that's their conservative host that you're referring to.
... talking about those same articles of impeachment against Nixon!
Yes, that's the guy. Well, I was very nice to him. I congratulated him on the wedding. I'm trying to be fair.
All right, I guess the next question is, how soon should they do this, and how imperative is it that they do this?
Would you go help, if asked? I'm such an annoying human being!
Not as press secretary, as comms director.
Laura, good advice.
And I think this will calm down as usual.
Anyway, up next on this busy breaking news night here tonight on "Hannity"...
All right, our fake news round-up, all the latest examples of the propaganda media losing it. Monica Crowley, Geraldo -- they weigh in.
And also tonight, last night's winner of the Miss USA pageant taking heat from the left all saying health care -- all for saying health care's a privilege, not a right. Former Miss California USA, Carrie Prejean, will join us with reaction as we continue right here on this busy news night. And Sara Carter straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So the destroy-Trump, propaganda media, they are working overtime. They're doing everything they can do to attack and discredit the president of the United States. Here are some of the latest examples of the ridiculous comments made by the mainstream media, in other words, our fake news update.
OK, that is our fake news roundup for the day. Here with reaction, Fox News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera, conservative columnist Monica Crowley.
Here is what I see, and it is dangerous for the president. I'm going to do a monologue tomorrow on it. You have the destroy-Trump media, destroy-Trump Democrats. You have the Washington, D.C., swamp and that includes these intelligence leaks even tonight. Then you have that never-Trumpers and weak Republicans. You have five groups that are sort of aligning now, they sense there is blood in the water. They want to take him out. They've never wanted him to succeed. This is a clear, present danger and an attempt to undermine an election.
That was the media coverage.
He's a threat to the existence of those five groups.
I think this is a fair criticism. I think more discipline in terms of --
Would you do mine for free?
Out to get him? Out to get him?
Destroy him?
There's no comparison.
Well said.
I agree with you.
Solve the problem. Solve the country's problems.
Are you just feeding the frenzy, and feeding -- they want stop him and then you give them one?
He clarified that in the executive order.
Real quick.
It's amazing -- conspiracy, tinfoil hat news, if you can call it that, is like ruling the day.
Geraldo Rivera is volunteering for the job.
When we come back, new revelations, Sara Carter, Circa News about the Obama administration's unmasking scandal. It goes way further than just Susan Rice. She's here with the latest.
And then also tonight, the left having a meltdown after the Miss USA pageant winner called health care a privilege and not a right. Former Miss USA contestant Carrie Prejean will reacted straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So Sara Carter from CircaNews.com is working on a new report that could blow the Obama administration unmasking scandal wide open. The unmasking reportedly involves more officials than just Susan Rice by a long stretch. Here now with the very latest from CircaNews.com, Sara Carter, their chief national security correspondent. OK, you got my attention.
This is so important. In 2015 and in 2016 both you and John Solomon have reported a dramatic, in the election season, those two years, a dramatic acceleration in the number of people surveilled and unmasked. And a lot of them just happened to be connected to Donald Trump or Republicans. And it's widespread, and when it's released and unmasking, isn't that a crime?
Ben Rhodes.
Ben Rhodes was involved, Valerie Jarrett involved. Did it get to the White House. Did it get to the president?
Inquiring minds want to know.
Will be no more this week? I've got to run, but will we know more this week?
All right, Sara Carter, we're going to stay on it. Nobody else is following it, but this I think will be the biggest scandal in our lifetime. Thank you for your reporting.
We come back, last night's winner of the Miss USA pageant under fire by the liberal left after she dared to say health care is a privilege and not a right. Former Miss USA contestant Carrie Prejean, former Miss California, weighs in on this political firestorm. God help you if you are a conservative, straight ahead.
Pretty bold and pretty courageous. That was the winner of the Miss USA Pageant Kara McCullough. She's now under attack under the intolerant liberal left. Why? She voiced her opinion, made those comments during the competition last night.
Here with reaction, she's lived through this herself, former Miss USA contestant, former Miss California USA, 2009, Carrie Prejean. Based on the reaction I think you probably identify with what this poor woman is now going through.
Yes. For my people, they are asking questions. I would think you don't want robots. You don't want groupthink. You want honest, truthful answers. You give a truthful answer, she gives a truthful answer, and huge controversy ensues. And I'm thinking nobody wants honest answers. They want answers they can jump on. But in every case, the only people that get jumped on seem to be conservative. What's your reaction to that part?
I was really interested in her comments about feminism should be changed to equalism. I thought that was a pretty interesting narrative, very smart, independent thoughts. But yet that is being attacked. What is your reaction to that?
Don't hold your breath. What is your advice for her to deal with this controversy?
I don't have any doubt that your wise counsel and support will definitely be heeded hopefully by her, and it is courageously. It's sad that people attack freedom of speech. Carrie, great to see you, as always. Thanks for being with us.
When we come back, we need your help. An important "Question of the Day" as "Hannity" continues.
Time for our "Question of the Day." So do you think health care is a right or a privilege? Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
That's all the time we have left this evening. We're running out of time. Set your DVR, never miss an episode. See you back here tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 190  ***************************************************
 
show#: 191  ***************************************************
 So on May 3rd, the president will meet with Mahmoud Abbas, the Palestinian authority. And here's an interesting fact. They, A, don't recognize the right for Israel to exist. B, there's 36, 000 recipients -- they reward as a matter of law those people that kill Israelis. I've read in the year 2016, close to $300 million?
By the way--
They have to--
It's a law.
It's a law.
This is important because of hundreds of millions of dollars -- the United States of America, the average taxpayer, we're giving them hundreds of millions of dollars.
Then they're giving to terrorists.
Yes.
Lindsey--
Well--
Why would you think that when he talks about every drop of blood that has been spilled for Jerusalem, we bless it?
So Abbas--
So he'll say that--
So he'll see President Trump--
So he'll see President Trump on May 3rd, and he'll say he wants peace with Israel and that he just needs land for peace, which Israel has tried in the past.
But I doubt he's going to say, we bless every drop of blood that has been spilled for Israel, which is clean and pure blood, blood spilled for Allah, Allah willing. I doubt that comes up with President Trump.
Well, that's the test.
Abbas--
Abbas to his own people talks about
He also said, we won't allow Jews' filthy feet--
-- as it relates to the al Aqsa Mosque.
Right in the heart of the old--
We flew right over it today.
Maybe to--
No.
But the world pressures you to make peace with Abbas.
How do you make peace with this guy? How do you make peace with somebody that--
-- pays terrorists and says you--
-- don't have a right to exist?
I've got evidence. I've got video evidence, a clip -- this is not long ago. This was October 2015, the mother of a killed Palestinian terrorist, a family that is rewarded financially by the Palestinian authority, celebrates the death of her son's martyrdom, handing out candy, pulling out a knife, threatening her own attack on Israel.
And I'll also play for you a clip of a October 15th again, 2015 again, a Palestinian Jordanian pre-school girl, a little pre-school girl holding a knife, saying she wants to stab a Jew. Let's play it.
Well, I liked what he said--
-- in October of 2015 -- I'd like -- I'd like him to say that to President Trump--
-- because I guarantee you he will not say that to President Trump.
Mr. President--
Mr. Prime Minister--
You talk about what they tell their own people--
What I tell my radio and TV audience and I've said for years is that for many, many decades now -- and I've known you for decades -- you have been the sole adult on the world stage with the moral clarity that recognizes the evil in our time. I think the odds of that happening are next to zero.
In part, how do you indoctrinate your own children to stab a Jew, like the tape we just played, and expect any other result than a constant lifelong indoctrination and hatred towards an enemy that you don't even know?
Well, doesn't that--
You may--
You lost your brother, raid at Entebbe.
Friendly fire.
Let me--
And coming up, more of my exclusive interview with the prime minister of Israel, Benjamin Netanyahu. Now, I asked him about North Korean aggression, the Iranian nuclear deal, and so much more.
And later -- I got the chance to tour Israel from above the ground in a helicopter. That and more as we continue tonight from Jerusalem.
And welcome back to "Hannity." Now, that was Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu speaking earlier today right before his meeting with the defense secretary, Mattis, right here in Jerusalem.
And here's part two of our interview.
Not a very big country.
And you're surrounded by Lebanon and Syria and Jordan and Egypt, at times historically not always friendly countries. And when you look at the borders -- at different points, we are literally a mile or two away from where some of your enemies are. Do you think most people understand the security concerns here?
And bigger.
Maybe an--
Maybe an unintended consequence -- and I remember the speech that you gave before a joint session of Congress. I know at the time, President Obama was not exactly happy with it, but I thought it was one of your more powerful speeches that I had seen.
But maybe an unintended consequence of this bad Iranian deal -- and I concur with your conclusions about this. A nuclear armed Iran is A-squared B-squared C-squared, radical mullahs, weapons of mass destruction threatening to wipe Israel off the map -- is not a consequence the world should ever see.
And threat--
We're the great Satan.
You're the little Satan.
Right.
Well, the only democracy in the region.
The West stops here.
So my question is this. As an unintended consequence, there seems to be maybe an alliance that a couple of decades ago wouldn't have been possible--
-- with the Saudis, Jordanians, the Egyptians as they fear Iranian hegemony and a nuclear-armed Iran here.
You met with him earlier, yes.
That's a -- well, OK, you finished where I was going. Let me -- so many instances -- we see what's happening now with North Korea, and they're in the news. And you got Pyongyang saber rattling. And they're out there suggesting about the United States, and they're warning of a super-mighty preemptive strike against the U.S.
Your reaction.
And coming up, more of my exclusive interview with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as we continue from Israel.
And later today, we went up in a helicopter and got a tour of Israel and its borders. We'll show you what we saw as we continue.
That was Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu speaking earlier today before his meeting with Defense Secretary James Mattis. And here's more of my exclusive interview with the Israeli prime minister.
Bill Clinton was so wrong on North Korea, and they got nuclear weapons. And President Obama was so wrong about the red line resulting in the elimination of chemical weapons. Now just to me it makes sense, if you have the country that's the number one state sponsor of terror, Iran that repeatedly says they want to wipe your country, Israel, off the map, and also fire weapons of the United States, burn the American flight, the Israeli flag.
Kill Americans.
And they're fighting multiple proxy wars against you and others.
Very true. How does the United States president to give $150 billion to the number one state sponsor of terror? I know you took him on. You still say you had a decent relationship with him, though, with Obama, President Obama.
Including missile-defense if Israel and the United States and allied countries that want to take out those nuclear sites.
And threatening the Saudis.
What did he say?
What did he say?
Damascus, Tehran, Moscow, they get along. He props them up.
There is a new sheriff in town. You spent time with President Trump. He this week said that the Iranians are violating the spirit of the nuclear deal. And we can see that he and Rex Tillerson, the secretary of state, are now moving in a direction to get America out from under the deal. I think most of the money was transferred. How important is it that they act on that?
Those are words Americans know well.
The new U.N. ambassador Nikki Haley was slamming the U.N. Security Council just yesterday for what she called Israeli bashing sessions, and tried to refocus the Security Council on exactly what you are saying, that is the threat of Iran and Hezbollah and terror, which of the U.N. steadfastly refuses to focus on.
And coming up, the final part of my interview with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as we continue from Israel. And then later, I was given a tour from the air in a helicopter. We'll show you what we saw as it relates to Israel's borders. That's straight ahead tonight on the HANNITY.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So earlier this week an IDF spokesman gave our "Hannity" producers a tour of Israel's northern border with Syria. Today I asked Prime Minister Netanyahu about how his country has been impacted by the instability in the region and much more. Watch this.
It's interesting because we see the saber rattling of Kim Jong-un and North Korea, and the threat that he made, again, a super mighty preemptive strike he's talking about against the United States of America. And this perhaps should be factored into when we talk about Iran, and that is that North Korea has nuclear weapons. They would like ICBM capability, married to those nuclear weapons, then they would have the capability of reaching the continental United States. I guess my question is, if you have a nuclear armed Iran, how does the United States militarily stop him, Kim Jong-un, from getting ICBM capability when we know he has the capability of launching nuclear weapons at Japan, China, South Korea? How do you stop that at that point? It's too late.
The caliphate.
Convert, die, or die.
And coming up next, my tour of Israel and its borders from a helicopter as "Hannity" continues from Jerusalem.
Welcome back to "Hannity." And we are broadcasting tonight from Israel. And earlier today before my interview with the prime minister, I was given a tour of the country from the air in a helicopter. Take a look at Israel's borders.
So here we are. We're just leaving the airport in Tel Aviv. So the Mediterranean Sea on this side. This is the edge of Tel Aviv over here. We are heading up north to Haifa. And then we'll get the proximity of Israel being surrounded by Lebanon and Syria and Jordan and Egypt.
Give people just the size and proximity of just how small a country this is, and over the years starting in the 67 war or the 73 war, how important defensible borders are for Israel, especially in in light of being surrounded by a lot of enemies. So from Tel Aviv, where is the closest border where rockets are being fired in Tel Aviv?
I was here when that happened.
And got into Tel Aviv.
To give someone maybe in the United States a little bit of perspective, the landmass of Israel is probably the size of a state like what, New Jersey?
And then if you plan to the right with the camera then that goes to the Mediterranean. That's an eight-mile width. Understood.
When people in the United States, they talk about land for peace, what are they talking about in this general area?
Well, eight miles is not a defendable border. It's impossible.
In other words, right here at the top of the hill is an Israeli neighborhood, right to the right is a Palestinian neighborhood, and you have a border fence in between, and it is basically a separation?
You've got an Israeli city, you've got a Palestinian city? Is that a mosque in the Israeli area?
So the mosque is in --
We're going to land. We started in Tel Aviv and we've made our way around the west, Jerusalem now where we're over at this point. Mount of Olives, the Temple Mount, the Knesset we just passed, all of which is 20 miles away from Jordan. There really is no space.
Coming up, more "Hannity" right after this break as we continue tonight from Jerusalem. We're in Israel on the road.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Unfortunately that is all the time we have this evening. As always thank you for being with us. We'll be back in New York on Monday from Jerusalem in Israel. Anyway, it's "Hannity" on the road. By the way, Tucker's new 8:00 p.m. eastern show will begin on Monday, and don't forget "The Five" at 9:00 and we'll be at our regular time, 10:00 eastern on Monday. Set your DVR so you never miss an episode of "Hannity" from Jerusalem. Have a great night and a great weekend.

show#: 192  ***************************************************
 All right, Matthews, all these other partisan hacks masquerading as journalists, ignoring real facts that President Trump did inherent a massive, huge, colossal mess from Barack Obama both here at home, and of course, abroad. They refuse to report the truth about how he's trying to fix all of this. And of course, then they have the tax day protests, you saw them this past weekend. You have the alt-radical left liberals, they were spewing all kinds of nonsense.
Now, watch Democratic Congresswoman Maxine Waters, unhinged, leading a chant to impeach -- that's right, impeach -- President Trump.
Not even 100 days in.
Then the insanity of the left showed up in Berkeley, California, over the weekend, where a near riot broke out during a tax day protest after violent clashes between left-wing agitators and Trump supporters. Twenty people ended up being arrested there.
And then finally, last night, we saw a massive effort from the left in Georgia's sixth congressional district in their special election. Now, they came together to pump up Jon Ossoff, who doesn't even live in the district. And they still came up short. Now that race is heading for a runoff on June the 20th.
But what's happening is, the alt radical left, in this case they raised $8 million for their chosen candidate. And according to even the Atlanta Journal-Constitution, 95 percent of the money came from outside the state to help a guy who doesn't live in the district.
And on top of that, the Trump-hating Hollywood snowflakes, people like Samuel L. Jackson and Chelsea Handler, they of course, threw their support behind the left-winger Ossoff. And of course, the alt-radical left destroy Trump media, they were heaping mounds of praise on the Democratic candidate. Oh, they're not biased at all. Watch this.
No, the destroy Trump media, they're not biased at all.
Now, this is only the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the alt-left, the propaganda media and this extreme bias they have.
Now, we have evidence, a new study from the Media Research Center, a whopping 89 percent of coverage during ABC, NBC, CBS's evening newscast has all been negative towards the president, towards President Trump.
Now, what we're seeing playing out now is the alt-radical left taking all of this unhinged hatred to a whole new level, and they're teaming up to attack the president on all fronts.
So tonight, I'm telling you it's only going to get worse, it's only going to get more intense. So Republicans need to do their job and also be ready to fight back. Because you got the alt-left, they cannot stand this president, especially as he checks off his list, continues to fulfill his promises and enact the agenda that he won on.
Now, their opposition will get worse every day. It'll get more intense because they really want him gone. That's how bad it is.
Here with reaction, the host of "Michelle Malkin Investigates" on CRTV, Michelle Malkin. You know, it's very interesting if you put a little historical perspective. Let's just look at recent history. They never vetted Obama's radical extremism and his radical friends. They never told the American people after eight years he doubled the debt, more people out of work in the 1970s (sic), out of the labor force. They never told the American people 13 million more were in -- on food stamps and 8 million more were in poverty.
So they never told the story that Obama failed. They'll say nothing good about the president, and they just team up together. And it's like a circular firing squad, and Trump's in the middle. How does he deal with this?
You see...
I want to know if you...
If there was ever any doubt about media bias, that should be a thing of the past for anybody that has any sense of intellectual honesty. To me, with all the noise we have going on and now even the fights breaking out and the media completely co-opted by the left and even colluding with Hillary Clinton's campaign, it all comes down to this for me.
If Trump follows up, makes the country safer, more secure, builds the wall, gets executive orders for vetting, if he lowers the tax rates, creates millions of jobs, increases revenues to the government, make us energy independent, makes better schools by sending education back to the states, he gets reelected. And none of this is going to be mean a thing.
If he breaks away from his agenda, that's where I think he risks losing, or if he's co-opted by the swamp in some way. No evidence of it. I haven't it. He's doing his job. Congress is pathetically slow. They're inefficient, and frankly, they may -- some of them may be even sabotaging the president.
Right.
You know...
We had an election. And with all their collusion, they still couldn't help Hillary get over the finish line.
All right, keep to the agenda. That's the message that I would send to anybody in Washington, and that includes lazy Republicans on vacation right now.
Thank you, Michelle. Appreciate it.
When we come back on this busy news night tonight here on "Hannity"...
All right, that's the new DNC chairman, Tom Perez, once again spewing nasty, vicious, vile rhetoric about Republicans. We'll check in with Austan Goolsbee and Corey Lewandowsky. They'll respond.
And also later tonight...
All right, very strong words from the vice president, Mike Pence, aboard the USS Ronald Reagan. Later tonight, we'll get reaction, Sara Carter, Ric Grenell, how do we deal with the Korean peninsula and the unfolding madness in the Middle East, as well, and Iran straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." The DNC chairman, Tom Perez -- he continues to spew his hateful, his nasty rhetoric about Republicans. Now, watch what he said last night about the GOP budget while on the DNC's so- called unity tour. Watch this.
And on Monday night's leg of the tour, Perez echoed his familiar profanity-laced rant against the president and Republicans. What a nice guy. Take a look.
All right, Here with reaction, we have former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowsky, former Obama economic adviser Austan Goolsbee. All right, Austan, You're a fair guy. This is just the facts here, the facts are simple. Number one, the average cost -- the average American family didn't save $2,500 per year as promised, but they pay $5,400 more per year since "Obama care" took place. Millions lost their plans. Millions lost their doctors.
So all right, Trump doesn't support a failed system and in states like Arizona this year alone it's going up another hundred 17 percent! So you know, what is he defending her?
Is he going to -- is he going to double -- is he going to double the debt like your buddy Obama did? and Obama said $9 trillion in debt...
... was irresponsible and unpatriotic and -- and then he doubled it, took more debt than every president before him combined.
So it's Bush's fault...
All right, Corey, here's the thing. These promises were made about "Obama care." The promises were never delivered. Obama took on more debt than 43 presidents before him combined. He said that $9 trillion in debt was irresponsible and unpatriotic. I don't know how you can do much worse than that.
All right, so here's a very simple question, Austan. And I know you can do this math. You don't need an abacus. You don't even need the calculator on your iPhone. You can do this in your head.
So when Obama was a candidate, he said $9 trillion in debt, that's irresponsible. That's unpatriotic. And he leaves and it's $20 trillion. And he accumulates more debt than any other president before him combined.
Now, let me concede that maybe the first two years, some of that debt was because of the conditions that he incurred.
At what point do you say -- at what point do you say he's responsible for the other $8 trillion in debt? Good question.
He had eight years to fix the economy. We have millions more in poverty, millions more on food stamps, the lowest labor participation rate ever.
Well, now we're playing word games because cutting --
All right, let me give you the numbers.
In the eight years of Obama, he accumulated more debt than every president before him combined.
You want to say, Oh, but he cut the deficit in half.
Oh, inflation.
I'm just comparing it from 2007.
But he still doubled the debt!
He still doubled the debt! Wait a minute! And Corey...
Lend him your iPhone, Corey.
If we go from $9 trillion to $20, isn't that doubling the debt? That's not cutting the debt -- deficit in half.
I think I'm going to go get a drink as soon as the show's done. Thank you for being here.
All right, $20 trillion. All right.
Up next tonight on this busy news night here on "Hannity"...
Vice President Mike Pence aboard the USS Ronald Reagan saying that America always wants peace, but the Trump administration will also be ready to act. Sara Carter, Ric Grenell join us next with reaction.
And also later tonight...
Homeland Security Secretary Kelly issuing that very strong rebuke to critics of the department that he leads. Lisa Boothe, Jay Sekulow respond. And later, Herman Cain is here with much more as we continue.
That was Vice President Mike Pence aboard the USS Ronald Reagan reassuring America's allies. Now, tonight, the Korean peninsula is not the only region in the world that's experiencing heightened tensions. Now, the Trump administration is also addressing many difficult situations in the Middle East. And now the president has ordered a review of the Iranian nuclear deal. Now, starting tomorrow, I will be reporting from the region. I'll be in Israel, where we will cover the very latest.
Joining is now, former spokesman for the U.S. ambassador to the U.N. Ric Grenell, and from Circa News, their senior foreign national intelligence correspondent Sara Carter.
Sara, let me start with you. The one thing is we look at the Korean peninsula, and obviously, the proximity when you have -- to Japan and to China and to South Korea and when the vice president is stating that this containment strategy is no longer going to exist. We know they have nukes. We know they want ICBMs.
How do you potentially stop somebody from getting the ICBMs, knowing they have the nukes and they may use them?
Right.
Sara, it seems like...
And Sara, it seems like the president's bearing some fruit here. Now, I know he did say during the campaign that he would label them a currency manipulator. But the currency issues have shifted since he became president. That's issue one.
Number two, they put 150,000 troops on the border. That shows a sign of strength. Number three, they sent coal shipments from North Korea back to North Korea that were headed to China, and now they're importing American coal.
The third thing is they've said publicly that they may themselves through their own newspaper, state-run newspaper, they may take out North Korea's sites, and they're willing to open new trade negotiations with America.
That seems to be bearing a lot of fruit right now and a potential brand-new alliance that nobody anticipated.
Ric, let's look at these emerging new alliances. Number one, it looks like we had a real breakthrough with China when the president of China met at Mar-a-Lago with the president. But similarly, this president has already met with the crown prince of Saudi Arabia, the prime minister of Israel, who I will be seeing tomorrow. He's met with President General el-Sisi of Egypt and King Abdullah of Jordan. And it seems those five countries together, including us, the Saudi's, the Israelis, the Jordanians, the Egyptians, and the United States, that there is an opportunity that may exist now that never existed before. Want do you make of the changing alliances?
I was going to say, it seems like this is leading from front, this is not leading from behind. This is a big difference. I've got to imagine if America can create the alliance with the Jordanians, the Egyptians, the Saudi's, and the Israelis, that would be a dramatic shift and create more potential to prevent Iranian hegemony in that region. If we get the Chinese working with us on the North Korean problem, that helps Seoul, that helps South Korea, that helps the Japanese and American relations with the Chinese, right?
Yes. And by the way, that's the art of the deal, Sara. We will give you the last word.
All right, guys, we will be watching closely, thank you both. We'll be in Israel tomorrow. And up next right tonight on HANNITY.
Secretary Kelly with some strong words for the critics of the DHS. Jay Sekulow and Lisa Boothe will join us with reaction. And also later tonight.
The president is not slowing down. He's working hard to keep his promises to youth, the American people. Now it's time, as I said last night, Republican lawmakers get back to work and get your job done. We'll get reaction from Herman Cain and much more on this busy news night.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So yesterday Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly had some very strong words for critics of his department. Take a look.
Good for him. Joining us now with reaction, Fox News contributor Lisa Boothe, from the American Center for Law and Justice Jay Sekulow. Jay, for all these years, we didn't enforce the law of the land. Why do I believe that if either Lisa or you, if you were aiding and abetting law breaking, you might get in trouble? All these years the president was aiding and abetting law breaking, meaning President Obama. How come there's no consequences in that case?
Lisa, you look for the numbers, they speak for themselves, 6y percent reduction of illegal immigration just be enforcing the law, not even building the wall at this particular point, which would probably bring it down to zero, right?
Jay, let me ask this, because in the 2006 bill was supposed to fund 700 miles of fencing. There were reports last week that as Republicans now move into the budget phase if they can ever get the health care bill repealed and replaced, which I think is going to happen. The Freedom Caucus says they think they got a deal. OK, so can they still continue to deny funds? Do you think the Republicans, as has been reported, would die the president of the on building the wall with it being one of his prime promises to the American people?
Leadership has to move, and they have been very inefficient and I think ineffective in terms of advancing the simple bill of repealing and replacing Obamacare. And everything after that is predicated on the $1 trillion savings for the president's economic plan. Lisa?
It's all politics, Jay's right.
All right, guys, good to see you both, thank you as always.
And up next tonight right here on "Hannity."
All right, time to get Congress to get moving. President Trump vowing to work on that bill to repeal and replace Obamacare. When are they going to get their act together? Anyway, we will check in with Herman Cain on that and much more on this busy news night, straight ahead.
That was President Trump ensuring you, the American people, that he intends to keep his promises on tax reform, health care, infrastructure. And now it's time for Republicans to get their act together. Here with reaction, Fox News contributor, former presidential candidate, Herman Cain. Herman, how many companies we you the CEO of in the course of your career?
OK, Godfather's Pizza, 999, Coca-Cola, some of the biggest corporations in America you ran. Here's my frustration, and maybe you can help me, maybe I'm missing something. From the days I was a paperboy, dishwasher, cook, busboy, waiter, bartender, house painter, paper hanger, tile layer, house framer, and roofer, I always had to work with a sense of urgency. The light goes on on radio, I've got to get to work. It goes on on TV, time to get to work.
Why am I so frustrated that after eight years repeal, replace, repeal, replace -- it's 100 days and they cannot get their act together? There's no leadership, there is no consensus, there's no urgency to get the job done so we can then get to the economy. I'm so beyond frustrated I can't even express it properly.
Maybe it's not the way I roll. Let me explain. If, for example, for eight years you say repeal and replace, and then you get the presidency after you wanted the House and Senate, you got that. And then they don't work on the bill, they don't build consensus, nobody sees the bill ahead of time. And then they release the bill and everybody is fighting publicly about the bill because they didn't work on it together behind the scenes, that is inefficient, bordering on incompetent, and, to me, inexcusable considering this was one of their main promises.
Now, I think, Herman, maybe I'm really overstating my abilities in life that I think I could have worked a lot faster. And the only reason I think we've got consensus now is because the Freedom Caucus and the Tuesday Group and these moderate groups did it on their own. There seem to be no leadership in this effort, none.
I've been talking to them every day. Since the bill died I've talked to them.
You're telling me to calm down.
It's not Trump's problem. Trump's doing his job.
I get it. But my frustration, Herman, they should have had a plan ready. They should have moved faster. Listen, if I'm working at Godfather's Pizza and I'll say, Herman, I'll get the pizza cooked in 89 days because I'm making the perfect pizza, you're going to give me a swift kick it that you-know-what and tell me to get moving or throw me out and fire me. Anyway, they can move faster than this. They're not working hard enough.
They just took a two-week vacation. Who gets two weeks vacation for Easter?
I'm trying. I'm trying. In through the nose, out through the mouth. I'm going to give it my best shot. All right, Herman, love you, thank you, my friend.
And up the next we need your help, a very important "Question of the Day," and some of the hate HANNITY hotline. Some of it has been awful lately. That's next.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Time for our "Question of the Day." So do you think the DNC chairman, Tom Perez, should apologize to Republicans for his vicious, vile, nasty remarks? We want to hear from you. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
By the way, time to play some of the messages, some not so nice you left for me on the Hannity hotline.
I'm promising. It's not black, number one. It's blue. Anyway, I guess I can't do anything right in terms of looks, but I don't pay that much attention to it to be honest. I have jeans on.
Have something you want to say, nice, mean, doesn't matter, call the number on your screen right there, 877-225-8587.
That's all the time we have left this evening. Quick programming note. Set your DVR so you never miss an episode. We will see you tomorrow night. We're heading to the Middle East. We're going to Israel with a special report you don't want to miss. We hope you'll join us. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 193  ***************************************************
 And even following the election, Kinzinger played coy about who he actually voted for on November the 8th. Now, is Congressman Kinzinger -- is he really the guy to be lecturing the Freedom Caucus, who did support candidate Trump? I'm not buying that.
Now, during the campaign, the Freedom Caucus chairman, Mark Meadows -- he was a staunch ally of candidate Trump, now President Trump. In July, in Greenville on line, they ran an article on Meadows that said in part, quote, "Meadows initially endorsed Texas senator Ted Cruz in the Republican presidential primary, but he is now embracing Trump with more gusto than others in the GOP. And according to Nate Silver's Fivethirtyeight, at least 29 of the 34 members of the House Freedom Caucus endorsed or at least voted for Trump in the election.
And by the way, with all due respect to Speaker Ryan, Laura Ingraham last night on this program pointed out Ryan made it clear he wanted little to do with then candidate Donald Trump.
So let's be clear. A lot of blame to throw around about the Republican health care bill being pulled, and infighting is not a solution to the problem. I also don't think President Trump reaching out to Democrats is ever going to work. The one thing I do know for sure, Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer, Steny Hoyer -- they're not the president's friends and they do not want him to succeed in any way.
Don't believe me? Listen to what they said about the president.
All right, now the question is, where do we go from here? How do we solve the problem for the American people because this is a promise they made. Now, Republicans, in many ways -- need to go back to the drawing board and do what they should have done in the first place.
They need to create a bill that will pass in the House, and that means the Study Group, the Tuesday Group, the Freedom Caucus, moderates. They all need to be brought in a room, as well as senators, Secretary Price, the vice president, everybody included, and hammer out a deal. Get away from the cameras, and certainly don't go on television and negotiate in the public eye.
Now, if they do these things instead of pointing fingers at each other, then they'll have an opportunity to give the American people a bill that they really want, need and desire, one that's going to lower premiums and offer better health care. There's the answer. Solve the problem. Remember the movie "Disclosure"? You talk about solve the problem. Find the solution.
Here with reaction, the author of the best-seller "Treason," former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich. Mr. Speaker, really, does the Freedom Caucus need to get lectured? We got a speaker that barely wanted to be seen--
That's I-85.
That's -- that's disastrous.
Well, and by the way, they've got to keep the promise. This is not optional. They can't let ObamaCare implode. So to me, it's very simple. You have to, if you're in leadership, show your members the bill before you unveil the bill publicly.
Then you got to build consensus. I appreciate that there are moderates and different groups, Study Group, Tuesday Group, Freedom Caucus. You got to -- everyone's got to work together. They got to hammer out a consensus. It would be wise for them to work with the Senate from the get-go so they don't end up in conference and the Senate bill and the House bill are two very different bills, and that then becomes another opportunity for it to fall apart.
So bring everybody together. And while they're doing the things you mention, this can get done, right?
But there is something to learn from this experience. I think, number one, you can't unveil a bill that nobody's seen. You have to bring the different groups in the Congress together. You should include the Senate so you don't have a problem in conference.
And why would they have done it this way anyway? That makes no sense to me. They had--
Here's the frustrating thing.
Eight years!
All right, sir. Great idea. Thank you.
And up next on this busy Friday news night, liberals and members of the biased press are out to get the House Intelligence Committee chairman, Devin Nunes. They're focusing their anger in the wrong place. We'll explain in a mini-monologue coming up next. And we'll get reaction from Mercedes Schlapp, Jay Sekulow.
Also later tonight, former national security adviser Michael Flynn is offering to testify in front of the House and Senate Intel Committees if he's granted immunity. Monica Crowley has reaction. All of that, plus counselor to the president Kellyanne Conway will join us in studio on this busy Friday news night.
And welcome back to "Hannity." The House Intelligence Committee chairman, Congressman Devin Nunes -- he's standing firm against attacks from the Democrats and members of the alt left propaganda destroy Trump media. Now, true to form, they are focusing their anger on Congressman Nunes instead of reporting extensively on what is the big story here! They're missing it all. That's tonight's mini-monologue.
All right, from the very moment that Chairman Nunes made the bombshell announcement last week that he saw reports that prove surveillance was collected on President Trump and his transition team, well, liberals and members of the biased press -- they've been out to get him! Now, just listen to what they have said about Nunes in just the past 48 hours. Watch this.
You get this? The mainstream alt left propaganda destroy Trump media -- they're trying to distract the country by going after Nunes and questioning his credibility. Now, by doing that, they are ignoring the real story and what we should all be talking about because what Nunes has revealed about the leaks, the unmasking of American names, and of course, the surveillance of the Trump team -- this could end up being the biggest scandal in decades, if not ever, to hit Washington!
Now, the big question is this. Did the Obama administration knowingly supreme court the Trump team and incoming opposition party? Now, as Nunes said on this program last week, additional American names were unmasked, and he saw the reports and he said they had nothing to do with Russia and collusion!
And this should concern every single lawmaker, every single journalist and every American. And today, Fox's own Adam Housley is reporting that the two individuals who showed Nunes the information at the White House -- they had nothing to do with the outing of this information! In fact, here's what Adam reported earlier today. Take a look.
You hear that? The Trump White House had nothing to do with this! His reporting, Adam's reporting is huge. Now, Democrats and the destroy Trump media -- well, they are doing a disservice once again to you, the American people, by attacking Congressman Devin Nunes instead of reporting on what the scandal is!
Here with reaction, the chairman for the American Center for Law and Justice Jay Sekulow, Fox News contributor Mercedes Schlapp.
All right, is there anything wrong -- because Pete Hoekstra said this was standard operating procedure. If you're going to see raw intelligence like this, Jay, that it would be normal procedures to see it in an area that we know is safe and secure and that that's what he did all the time. What about that as a distraction in this case?
So what is the big story here? Isn't the big story that, OK, maybe they used real surveillance as a ruse to surveil on a president or a candidate, an opposing party candidate, or the president-elect and his staff? Isn't that the real story here, Mercedes?
Unbelievable.
All right, so they're surveilling. They're unmasking. And then, of course, we know in the case of General Flynn, they leaked the intelligence, which is a felony.
What do you make of Evelyn Farkas, Jay, and her comments that we've been playing in total, in context. Now she says the Russians may have leaked it. And she's saying that she's a victim of fake news. But she said she was urging her former colleagues, Get as much intelligence as you can.
And if they found out, the Trump people, how we knew what we knew about the Trump staff dealing with Russian -- isn't that an unveil/unmasking there? Isn't that confirmation of surveillance, and then talking about releasing it to colleagues? Wouldn't that potentially be an intel leak?
I have no idea!
Big-time.
She's probably going to have to see a grand jury. She's going to see the House Intelligence Committee.
And--
Mercedes--
I actually -- I'm, like--
Who's advising this woman?
Yes.
Well said. Well said. All right, Mercedes, we're going to lose you. Thank you, as always, for being with us. Jay stays with us.
Coming up after the break -- former national security adviser Michael Flynn-- General Flynn is offering to speak to the House and Senate Intel Committees, but he's asking for immunity. President Trump said it was a smart idea because of the political witch hunt that is happening right now. Jay Sekulow stays with us. Monica Crowley joins us.
And then later tonight--
The president is not slowing down. Counselor to the president Kellyanne Conway will join us tonight, right here in studio. Stay with us.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So this morning, the president took to Twitter to defend former national security adviser Michael Flynn, and the president tweeted, quote, "Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt, excuse the big election loss by the media and Dems of historic proportion."
Now, this comes after reports say that Flynn is willing to testify in front of the House and Senate Intel Committees in exchange for immunity.
Joining is now with reaction, conservative commentator Monica Crowley, and we continue with Jay Sekulow from a legal perspective. Monica, you were there with General Flynn. What happened to him I don't think there's any doubt was leaking this intelligence was a violation of the Espionage Act and a felony, many other laws were broken, we will ask Jay in a second. But I agree. I think General Flynn wants to say what he has to say because he has a victim of a crime here.
Jay, from my standpoint, they leaked this intelligence they never should have leaked. They are surveilling. The NSA does its job. They are surveilling his counterpart in Russia. They're having a conversation. It's a normal procedure. He's getting in touch with people he will have contact with and will be working with. So they're supposed to minimize and they're not supposed to reveal their identity. His identity is unmasked. The contents of their conversation are made public, and then he tells a story to the vice president, maybe left detail or to go, perhaps by accident, maybe on purpose, I don't know. And his career is over because they leaked this intelligence. A felony, right?
Doesn't every American need to understand that if your government is going to surveil your texts, your emails, your phone conversations, and they don't have any warrant, and then they disclose that, they could ruin anybody's life, especially yours or Monica's.
Agreed. That's a one crime we know Monica that happened here. Go ahead.
That's what I was going to say. Doesn't this have the potential to be way bigger than Watergate, Jay?
Would you recommend he testify without immunity or no?
Why?
All right, guys, thank you both, and have a good weekend.
Coming up, President Trump keeping his promises and getting things done. The counsel to the president Kellyanne Conway will join us in studio tonight with reaction. And then later tonight --
And also coming up, the final part of our series that exposes what is happening to your kids on spring break. This year, we sent a producer down to South Padre Island, Texas. We asked the local police about the partying and what they are trying to do to keep your kids safe as they are going insane. "Fox & Friends" co-host Ainsley Earhardt joins us for the full report. Tonight, you need to see it.
That was the president earlier today meeting with the National Association of Manufacturers. That was at the White House. Joining us now, a rare New York in studio appearance. She is the counsel to the president, Kellyanne Conway. How are you? Good to see you. You doing OK? I got to see your husband. I haven't seen him for a while. He's going to be doing some work in D.C. too.
You know what's amazing to me, in the opening monologue tonight I pointed out the speed of Trump, checking off promises, and I know we get caught up in the media is obsessed that the health care bill didn't get finished. It will. And nobody ever talks about all the good things he's done. For example, I was so happy this week over the EPA regulations.
We've got more than we'd ever need.
You're going to be on this, right?
That's also a promise that he made to the people of New Hampshire in particular where they have been devastated as much as other parts of the country.
So I put this up earlier in the program. Just take a look. I know it would have been nice if the Republicans after eight years had a consensus bill, you know I am very critical of how this was rolled out. But there's all these successes. We'll put it up on the screen. That is President Trump's agenda. He checks it off the list. I don't think I've ever seen a president get a lot done as much as he could do by himself. I wish Congress would get their act together and keep up with him.
Would you, like me, and I'm not trying to drag you into this fight, like to see Congress better prepared in terms of the legislation, have their caucus, their individual components, the moderates, the Freedom Caucus, the study group, the Tuesday group, the Saturday night go drinking group, get on the same page?
I just made it up. These are not small items that he is tackling here on the economy, changing the tax code and infrastructure, even the energy thing. There's only so much she can do on his own. They've got to be ready to game up here.
But they dumped a bill that had no consensus on his lap. Why did he have to do the heavy lifting when, in all fairness, the legislative branch had eight years to campaign, run on this, they got to the House in 2010, 2014 the Senate, 2016. Really, they didn't have a bill ready to go? That kind of makes me mad.
They should have brought everybody in.
All right, good to see you. Thank you for being with us.
Coming up, part three of our series exposing what happens to your kids when you pay and send them on down to spring break. Ainsley Earhardt has that report straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." As we continue our series exposing what happens when your kids jet on off to spring break with your money. This year, we sent down a producer to South Padre Island, Texas, to see what spring breakers were really up to. We spoke to the police chief in South Padre Island, his name is Randy Smith, about some of the dangers that spring breakers are encountering this year. It's always dangerous. Take a look.
Here with reaction, "Fox & Friends" co-host, our friend Ainsley Earhardt has done this many years for us. Thanks for coming aback.
Why am I put in the position of being like the old fuddy-duddy. I don't care that they go on spring break. But when you see they are all wasted. And then you read the people that are preying on the spring breakers. And then you hear about sexual assault that happens here and drunken driving and some people get alcohol poisoning, the fun seems to go away.
You did it.
Quick programming note. Thank you, Ainsley. Be sure to set your alarm and wake up early and catch Steve, Brian, Ainsley every morning 6:00 to 9:00, "Fox & Friends" right here on the Fox News Channel.
Up next, we need your help with an important "Question of the Day." And we'll play some of the messages you left for me that were really mean on the "Hannity" hotline straight ahead.
All right, time for our "Question of the Day." Earlier today the president tweeted out that the mainstream media and Democrats are on a political witch hunt. That is why I call them the alt left propaganda, destroy-Trump media. Do you agree with me, do you agree with the president? We want to hear from you. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
All right, hit me with your best shot. Time for the "Hannity" hotline. Let's see what you left today.
Love me? That's hardly showing it. Doesn't matter what you have to say, nice, mean, we don't care. Call the number on your screen, 877- 225-8587.
That's all the time we have left this evening. Have a great weekend. Thanks for being with, and we'll see you back here on Monday.

show#: 194  ***************************************************
 Hillary Clinton falls flat on key issues at the commander-in- chief forum. Laura Ingraham is here tonight with analysis.
Then, new polls show a very tight race between Trump and Clinton. So what does the GOP nominee need to do to win the White House? We'll ask Patrick J. Buchanan.
And Clinton offers up yet another excuse about classified information on her private e-mail server.
Judge Jeanine Pirro and Eboni Williams weigh in.
Plus, Hillary Clinton claims ISIS is praying for Donald Trump to become president.
"Hannity" starts right here, right now.
And welcome to "Hannity." And tonight, new fallout over Hillary Clinton's many missteps at last night's commander-in-chief forum. Clinton is being criticized for saying her vote on the Iraq war was a mistake. Imagine if you're the parent of one of the, what, 5,000 people that lost their lives. Take a look.
Clinton also promised voters that she'd never put U.S. troops on the ground in Iraq and Syria, flat out ignoring or simply not knowing the fact that thousands are actually already there. Watch this.
And the big whopper? Well, Clinton served up a new excuse about her private e-mail server scandal. We're going to have reaction to all of that later.
But first, joining us now in studio, a rare in-studio appearance...
Oh, how nice of you to grace us with your presence.
... the editor-in-chief, Lifezette.com, FOX News contributor, nationally syndicated radio host Laura Ingraham.
All right, now, if I was the parent of one of, what, nearly 5,000 families that lost loved ones in Iraq, or maybe my son had his legs blown off, or maybe he was disfigured or his arms are blown off, and I'm saying here's the lady that voted to send me to war. We won Ramadi, Baghdad, Mosul, Fallujah and Tikrit. Oh, but it was a mistake, but we can learn from it. It's imperative we learn -- I would be apoplectic!
I thought it was a horrible night for her!
Can you imagine saying, Oh, we're not going to put troops on the ground, but they're already there.
Oh, we're never going to put you there again.
Oh, I'm watching it from here...
... because their lives are at risk. And not only that, pulling out of Iraq the way she did and Obama did created the opening, the vacuum for ISIS to rise and with the financial resources.
... died in Benghazi, or Libya.
That's all she has. And if you look at Donald Trump -- I mean, I think he's had the best four weeks of his campaign post-convention. And that is, let's see, he went to Baton Rouge. I thought it was smart. I thought he looked presidential with the Mexican president, side by side. Good moment for him. His speech in Detroit, good moment for him. He's doing policy speech after policy speech. He's staying focused, on message.
If he continues to do it, these polls -- I'm put them up on the screen in a minute -- show that he's made a lot of progress in the last three weeks.
He was at 33 yesterday.
At one point, he had Trump at 58 percent.
So it fluctuates quite a bit.
The economic statistics are...
... devastating. And I give them out every night. I bore the audience here with it now, but lowest labor participation rate since the '70s, lowest home ownership rate in...
... or incarcerated. One in five American families don't have one member in the family working!
She says she's going to continue it!
All right, let's put up some poll numbers. Here's a couple of interesting things. I think there's two -- three numbers to watch very closely. What percentage of the Republican vote Donald Trump's getting. He needs to go up among the base.
I would argue those sabotaging him -- we'll get to that in a minute -- are having some impact. But here's what's interesting. If you look at this new national poll, Boston Herald, Franklin Pierce, Clinton, Hispanics, Trump, 36 percent. If you look at African-Americans, Trump 19. Now, that number may seem low, but when you compare it to the 4 percent that John McCain got and the 7 percent that Romney got, that is a game-changer!
So she's going to run more Klan ads.
all right, let's look at latest Quinnipiac swing state polling, very close race. Florida, dead even. North Carolina, Clinton, although there was a new poll out today that had Trump up by 3. Ohio, Trump up by 1. Look at Pennsylvania, 5-point race. And by the way, 3-point race in Wisconsin.
Iowa, he's up. It's close in Michigan, too. But this is tight.
Does this change?
And change...
... 37 percent upside down number on, 'Is the country headed in the wrong direction?’
That was interesting, right?
If you were Chris Matthews, you'd have a thrill up your leg right now.
All right, last question. So he has about 70, 75 percent of the Republicans voting for him. Is there a cumulative impact of the establishment, the NRO, The Wall Street Journal, the Glenn Becks of the world, George Wills of the world that I would argue -- John Kasichs of the world that are sabotaging the Trump campaign?
So they can...
In our face and...
But they are -- they are having an impact, cumulatively, not individually.
I did yesterday, yes. Those are the...
You know, look, to me, the issues are clear. I mean, on the Supreme Court, what a difference in who he'd appoint versus who she'd appoint. I like extreme vetting and listening to our top national security officials. I like building the wall so -- for national security reasons so we don't have 95 million Americans out of the labor force.
Nothing!
But there's more -- but then there's ObamaCare. Then there's energy independence. All of these issues are significant!
And whining and complaining...
... and picking up your toys.
Listen, you know what I'm saying? And I said this to Jonah Goldberg and Glenn Beck. If she wins based on your constant barrage of attacks and not telling the story of what the choice is, then they own her. They own her Supreme Court choices. They own...
... what unvetted refugees do.
That's what they're doing.
All right, Laura, good to see you.
Coming up tonight next right here on "Hannity"...
Donald Trump slamming Hillary Clinton as unfit to be president. This comes as new polls show that the race for the White House has tightened quite a bit. We'll check in with the original insurgent, Patrick J. Buchanan. He's here with reaction.
And later -- Hillary Clinton is coming up with new excuses about her private e-mail server. We'll remind you about all the old excuses and all the lies she told you, and much more on this busy edition of "Hannity."
Donald Trump earlier today taking a swipe at his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton.
We are less than nine weeks away from Election Day. Donald Trump has now narrowed the spread in the RealClearPolitics average national poll. In a four-way race, Hillary Clinton only leading by 2.1 percent, within the margin of error. Now, Trump has cut that lead by nearly 5 percentage points in just the last month.
Here with reaction, author of "The Greatest Comeback," Patrick J. Buchanan, probably the original insurgent himself. How are you sir?
Two statements -- I want to ask you if it's right. Did the establishment Republicans help create Trump, number one? And do you think the same establishment Republicans are trying to sabotage Trump?
There was a poll out today, and I found this interesting, Boston Herald, Franklin Pierce. Look, I think there's been a series of events that Donald Trump has showed real leadership. Going down to Baton Rouge I thought worked out very well for him, especially Hillary never went. Obama had to follow his lead. Then he went to Mexico. I thought that was a presidential moment for him. In spite of being very tough on Mexico, he went there, and it turned out, I think, very well for him. Being tough doesn't necessarily mean it backfires on you.
And I thought the town hall last night was particularly good, as well, and his speech in Detroit was particularly good.
What do you see as the main factors for the change in the polls in the last four weeks?
Yes.
She took six questions, 16 minutes, six questions, not one about her email scandal or about her lying. So, I mean, I'm not exactly calling that a press conference, are you?
I think that's well said. All right, so if you look at this Boston Herald/Franklin Pierce poll, very favorable, somewhat favorable, Donald Trump, 25 percent of the African-American vote, 33 percent of the Latino vote.
Go back to 2012. Mitt Romney got, what, 6, 7 percent of the black vote? He has gone to great lengths to talk about how things have not gone well for the black community under Obama's policies -- 58 percent increase black Americans on food stamps since Obama's been president, 20 percent increase black Americans out of the labor force. Then on top of that, they suffer the debt, the worst recovery since the '40s, the lowest home ownership rate in 51 years, lowest labor participation rate since the '70s!
Do you think he can make inroads that we have not seen, say, since Ronald Reagan?
Here's what I don't understand. All right, so we know his Supreme Court justices. You can compare it to who Hillary would appoint. We know his position on listening to Comey and Clapper and Brennan and -- and Mike McCaul and General Allen and extreme vetting of refugees. I think that keeps America safe.
We know his position on the wall. We know he wants to repeal and replace "Obama care." We know the guy wants energy independence. We know Hillary wants coal miners out of work and coal businesses out of business.
Why are these guys from The Wall Street Journal, you know, the Brett Stephenses of the world -- why are the Jonah Goldbergs of the world, the Glenn Becks of the world -- I don't think any one of them is hurting Trump. But I believe, cumulatively, it is pushing down the vote of Republicans, and he needs 90 percent of that base vote to win.
Why do you think they are not looking at the issues the way you and I are here?
Trade?
Cheap labor!
I agree.
Well, wait a minute!
How many times are we going to send our national treasure, our men and women to fight, bleed, die, and win Mosul, Ramadi, Fallujah, Tikrit and Baghdad, only to have it ripped away from them, and then Hillary Clinton said, Oops, it's a mistake that I sent you, and we've got to learn from the mistake.
Well, tell that to the parents of -- of -- that lost their sons and daughters there or the guys that came back disfigured or had their legs blown off!
Unbelievable. We cannot do this again to our brave men and women. If you're going to fight a war, you better have an objective. You better have an exit strategy, and you better win. We can't keep doing this. Pat, good to see you. Thank you.
Coming up, Hillary Clinton makes yet another new excuse about her private email server. We're going to show you what she's now saying. We'll get reaction from Judge Jeanine Pirro and Eboni Williams.
Also, later tonight...
Did I just hear what I think I heard, Hillary whining and complaining the liberal mainstream media, her biggest campaign contributor, is treating her unfairly? We'll check in with Larry Kudlow, Austan Goolsbee. They'll be here to react.
That and more tonight on "Hannity."
Wow! By the way, you don't need -- classification does not always come with a header, and Hillary knows that.
All right, Hillary Clinton last night making up yet another excuse about the classified emails being found on her private server. Earlier today, Donald Trump attacked Clinton over the use of this private server. Let's take a look.
All right, now let's take a trip down Memory Lane. Let's look at Hillary's unfolding, ever-growing stories, fabrication, and we'll follow that up with Trey Gowdy grilling the FBI director about all the times she lied to you, the American people.
Here with reaction, Fox News contributor Eboni Williams and the host of "Justice," Judge Jeanine Pirro.
OK. And they smashed them with a hammer.
How did James Comey not come up with an indictment here?
And the document dump on a Friday before Labor Day.
Eboni?
You know what though, I used -- wait a minute. I delete emails. You delete emails. We've all deleted something. OK. I don't use BleachBit. Doesn't that show criminal intent?
As Trey Gowdy said, God can't find them after BleachBit.
So what do you do when somebody lies with regularity like this, lied about Benghazi, lies with -- basically, what do you do when 40 percent of the country, you can have her on video popping somebody in the head, you know, with a gun at point blank range and they will still vote for her.
And why would you vote for a liar for president?
Who are you voting for?
If I did this and you were --
[crosstalk]
Yes, that's true. I did donate when you're running.
I did, I did. It was spent well spent because I got to yell at you at a dinner.
All right. And coming up next, tonight, right here on "Hannity."
Hillary, whining, complaining the media is not being tough enough on Trump but on her, seriously? They're her biggest campaign contributor. Larry Kudlow, Austan Goolsbee, they weigh in.
And then later tonight --
Wow, Hillary in an interview on Israeli TV claiming ISIS is praying for Allah for Donald Trump to become president? Wow.
Where's the outrage? Will she apologize? Dr. Sebastian Gorka, he's here with reaction and much more tonight on "Hannity".
Welcome back to "Hannity Show". Just hours after sitting down with Matt Lauer for a Commander-in-Chief Forum. Earlier today, Hillary Clinton took questions from the press where she made a point to whine and complain about the press's unfair coverage. Now wait a minute. They are her number one campaign contributor. Watch this.
Pretty unbelievable. Now, today many members of the Liberal mainstream media have been critical of poor Matt Lauer. Why? Because he asked Clinton a tough question but important questions like what about the e-mail server? And does that disqualify you? Really tough.
Here now is former Obama economic adviser, Austan Goolsbee, and the author of this terrific new book, 'JFK and the Reagan Revolution, A Secret History of American Prosperity' my old friend, Larry Kudlow. By the way, it's an honor to have you back.
OK. So I'm just got my copy. But this is what I know. That JFK and Reagan both lowered the top marginal tax rates in the course of Reagan's presidency, 17 to 28 percent, and lo and behold, unlike Obama, the first president that will never reach three percent GDP growth in any given year. We had prosperity and jobs and success and increased revenues to the government. We can do it again.
All right.
Rising tide.
Thank you. People needs to hear this.
All right. Let me throw out the numbers to poor Austan because he's responsible in part for the bad economy. So this is what we have after eight years --
OK. This is what we've got. We got one in five American families without a single person working. The lowest labor participation rate since the 1970s. The worst recovery since the '40s. The lowest home ownership rate in 51 years. Twelve more million Americans since your buddy Obama as president on food stamps. Eight million more Americans in poverty. And he will accumulate more debt than every other president before him combined. That's your legacy and your record, own it.
Now, listen to his excuse. He's going to blame Bush any second now. Go ahead.
And the first president never to hit three percent GDP growth for a single year of his presidency. That's your guy. More debt than any other president before him combined.
Well, the worst recovery since the '40s, right?
Wait a minute. I got a point, if we would do two things -- if we would do two things, I want Larry to weigh in on this first because I trust him a lot more in economics than you Austan.
But if we want to do -- if we want to allow the multinational corporations that cannot bring not millions, billions, trillions of dollars back to this country and incentivize them to build factories and manufacturing centers here because we bring them in at a cheap rate. And we expand coal mining, drilling, fracking and become energy independent. Would those two things alone have incoming taxes as dramatic?
I agree with you.
We're running out of time, guys.
I'm going to have to run. All right. So let me just say Larry is right and Austan is wrong.
(Inaudible) confirming I'm right and you're wrong.
I'm on a roll.
I do. And you what, Kennedy and Reagan were right. Great book.
Coming up next, tonight on "Hannity."
Wow. Clinton is saying that terrorists, they're praying to Allah for Trump to be elected president. Dr. Sebastian Gorka weighs in next.
And welcome back to "Hannity Show". Hillary Clinton during an interview with an Israeli news agency said that ISIS terrorists are literally praying to Allah that Trump becomes president really? Watch this.
Joining us now with reaction, author of 'Defeating Jihad: The Winnable War' our friend, Dr. Sebastian Gorka. OK. So let me get this straight. So ISIS, it prefers the guy that says he's going to bomb the living shh out of them. ISIS prefers the guy that says radical Islam not the person that's in denial about it. And ISIS prefers the guy that would never give the Iranians the number one state sponsor of terror, $150 billion and the ability to pursue nuclear weapons. I don't buy that. What are your thoughts?
Yes. That kind of, somewhat, nerve wracking. Yes, a little bit. Now that you point it out, yes.
So she's saying this to obfuscate from what is the truth and what is reality. And that is that she voted for a war she said is a mistake, she pulled out and gave the land and created an opening for ISIS to emerge and to have the financial resources through oil to go forward with their destruction and their caliphate.
All right, Dr. Gorka. Always on point. Thank you so much, sir, appreciate it.
When we come back, we need your help. A very important question of the day, straight ahead.
And time for our question of the day. So it's the time for more journalist -- by the way, don't hold your breath to start asking Hillary Clinton tough questions.
He did give a press conference, first one in what, 280 days, 16 questions, six minutes, not one about her lying, not one about the email server scandal.
Yes, I think it's time. Well, we want to hear from you. Go to facebook.com/seanhannity, @seanhannity on Twitter. Let us know what you think. That's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. We will see you hopefully back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2016 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 195  ***************************************************
 All right. We start tonight with a massive shake-up of the FBI. Fox News now reporting that Deputy Director Andrew McCabe has not been removed from his position at the bureau. This is very important -- the timing of McCabe leaving the bureau comes just hours after the FBI director went to Capitol Hill to view the classified memo, detailing Obama administration FISA abuses against the Trump campaign. And remember, The Daily Beast is reporting that McCabe, James Comey, and Rod Rosenstein, are all named in this four-page document.
And other reporting now suggesting the FBI Director Christopher Wray was concerned about an upcoming inspector general report on the actions of McCabe and other top FBI officials during the 2016 election. Now, McCabe being shown the door is long overdue and our sources are now saying tonight that his exit is just the opening salvo and what is a much bigger scandal that will be unfolding in the days and weeks and months ahead.
Now, here's why: current and former FBI officials are telling Sarah Carter tonight -- she'll join us in a minute -- that McCabe, quote, "quitting" is the beginning of more resignations that will be coming.
Now, before we detail why McCabe deserved to be removed, I want to be very, very clear tonight especially to the "destroy Trump" media: the political bias and corruption that we are now detailing at the FBI and the Department of Justice and then in the intelligence community, we've all been reporting on, it has nothing to do with rank-and-file members. Those people work tirelessly to keep us safe. They deserve the utmost praise and support which we give them on a daily basis.
And who we are focusing on here is key. We're exposing what is a row group of unelected deep state bureaucrats that have been trying to disrupt our democratic republic and our system. Andrew McCabe is one of those people.
Now, here's what we know about him and why it was about time he was removed. McCabe lied to -- in terms of the corrupt Clinton email investigation. That we know was for show. In other words, it was rigged. The fix was in. It was a total sham.
He oversaw Trump aiding FBI agent Peter Strzok's work on the Russia investigation. Fox News has reported that McCabe is thought to have been the central point of contact for handling that Clinton bought and paid for phony salacious Russian dossier. And according to The Wall Street Journal, McCabe ordered FBI agents to stand down on an investigation into the Clinton Foundation.
Now, remember, McCabe's wife -- his wife's name is Jill -- she took $700,000 in campaign contributions from a super PAC tied to the Clintons and their ally Terry McAuliffe, former governor of the commonwealth of Virginia, from Virginia Democrats in her failed state Senate run.
And finally, Trump-bashing FBI lovers right there, Strzok and Page, they texted, remember about the insurance policy that they talked about with Andy, we believe is Andrew McCabe, in case Donald Trump actually won the election, which they didn't think was going to happen.
Now, McCabe is tied to literally every single instance of corruption, of abuse of power at the FBI that we are exposing. He should have been fired or should have resigned a long time ago. Now, the top ranks of the FBI need to be cleaned out and McCabe is just a good start.
Now, we also have huge developments tonight. The House Intelligence Committee tonight has voted along party lines. They are releasing to the public that classified four-page memo that details massive FISA abuses against the Trump campaign.
Now, no Democrats voted yes. The reason is simple. They do not want you to know the truth.
Now, President Trump now has five days to approve the release so you the American people can see it, and my sources are telling me tonight that the matter is being taken very seriously at the White House. It will be thoroughly reviewed in the next 48 hours, and while the president believes in transparency, he will be deliberative in this process. Until that happens and we can see it all for ourselves, here's what we know about the document and why this is so important.
Remember, The Daily Beast reported that Andrew McCabe, James Comey, Rod Rosenstein are all named in this memo, and other reporting says that Rosenstein, well, was the official that approved the warrants to spy or at least extended him on the Trump campaign supposedly under the pretext looking at Carter Page.
Now, members of Congress that have seen this memo, they have called it shocking, alarming and said it literally mirrors KGB-style tactics. Now, members are also saying it could cause many people to go to jail and it could lead to the end of the Mueller investigation. It is that serious that we're being told that exposes severe and massive constitutional violations of our Fourth Amendment, privacy rights, massive FISA abuses.
Now, this is a major development and those of you out there that call Congress and tweeted and texted and put notes on Facebook and Instagram to release the memo, tonight, you should be very happy because you the American people deserve to know about these abuses. Now, we're going to have all the details of course as soon as we get them.
Now, also breaking this hour -- all right, we have a news media in this country that is obsessed with calling one of the biggest scandals in American history that we have been following that has a mountain of evidence and a mountain of facts supporting it -- well, they're trying to dismiss it as some kind of conspiracy. By the way, the same media, ironically, that has been pushing what is baseless black helicopter tinfoil hat conspiracy theories about so-called Trump-Russia collusion for over a year. The difference is we have evidence. They have none whatsoever.
Now, in case the liberal media has forgotten, well, we put this little montage together to remind them. Take a look.
Now, what's been playing out here is a coordinated effort by the media to smear, slander, besmirch President Trump with what they know now is a total fabrication. Now, we have seen nothing -- I mean nothing -- showing Trump-Russia collusion for over a year. OK. Don't take Sean Hannity's word for it, forget me, all right? Many top ranking Democrats, people in the intel community, have all said the same thing. This is a reminder for the destroy Trump media. Take a look.
No evidence of collusion. Now, the corrupt media in this country, they seem impervious to facts, truth. They don't look for the truth any more. They're believing at this point their own lies I think many have actually convince themselves with their destroy Trump mentality that their phony narrative is actually true without any evidence.
Now, to help you understand exactly what's going on, I want to compare and contrast real facts, real evidence between a massive American scandal and so-called Trump-Russia collusion. Here's what the media is ignoring. Let's compare and contrast.
Hillary Clinton we know broke the law by having a secret -- top secret special access program and classified information on her server. U.S. Code 18 -- USC code 1870 -- whatever, there's a million laws. We put them up on screen many times.
Clinton broke the law when she deleted 33,000 subpoenaed emails, remember? And then just to make sure, she acid washed and bleached bit the hard drive, so nobody could ever get them and then Clinton broke the law when her aides were smashing the BlackBerry's and mobile devices with a hammer. Do any of you at home do that? And then they turned her over cellphones to the FBI, but those cell phones had no SIM cards. Those are facts, incontrovertible.
Now, we found out, too, that Peter Strzok, James Comey and others, remember -- they put the fix in. Who writes an exoneration before an investigation, before you interview Hillary Clinton herself and 17 other key witnesses?
And remember, they also changed the legal standard in their many exoneration letters, they took out the legal standard gross negligence and changed it to extreme carelessness and then they altered references to Clinton's server being hacked by hostile actors. Well, that's people the lives in jeopardy and that what that allowed Hillary Clinton to stay in the presidential race. What we know there are facts.
And we also know, according to Donna Brazile, Clinton controlled the DNC, rigged the primary against Bernie Sanders. Imagine if Donald Trump did it against 16 Republicans.
Now, we discovered that Hillary Clinton tried to rig the general election, remember? She used a lawyer to pay Fusion GPS over $12 million, create a phony Russian dossier full of lies and propaganda to influence the American people, so she could rig that election.
And now, we're also learning that the Clinton bought and paid for dossier -- and this is the scary part -- was used by top administration officials to obtain a FISA warrant to spy on an opposition party the Trump campaign in an election year and then a president-elect. These are all facts. And new text messages have also exposed the massive bias from anti-Trump FBI officials Strzok and Page. Remember, they called Trump an idiot, a loathsome human being, F Trump.
And we know that Strzok and Page talked about the so-called insurance policy with who we believe is Andrew McCabe who was fired today. And remember, July 1, before they ever interviewed Clinton, before Comey ever went came forward and went public on July 5, they revealed that Loretta Lynch knew the fix was in in the Clinton investigation.
So, let's see. Strzok and Page and McCabe and Comey and Loretta Lynch all knowing?Now, they were hesitant to investigate Hillary Clinton. We also learn because they thought she might win and retaliate against them. Those are facts, those are real text messages, and it's only a small sampling of what has been released. There is evidence showing and proving all of this.
So, what does the media have to prove as it relates to Trump Russia collusion a year later? Nothing. No evidence. No facts. They're basing everything on nothing but their own conspiracy theory in their own little media bubble. We have been giving you facts. We have been telling you the truth, and the media has been proven to be pathological liars at a level we've never seen before in history.
They have become tinfoil hat conspiracy theorists at the highest levels. The media is now married to this phony narrative and they cannot let it go. And, by the way, they're massive hypocrites. They don't care about truth. They obviously don't care about equal justice under the law, or do they care about the Constitution of the United States, because if they did they would be reporting all of the facts that we just gave you.
Here with reaction, we have the hosts of "Justice", Judge Jeanine Pirro, FOX News contributor Sara Carter, former deputy assistant to the president, Fox News national security strategist, Sebastian Gorka.
We got to start with you. You're breaking new news tonight about Andrew McCabe. Let's start there, work our way back.
Some -- a source of mind told me tonight that when Wray read this, it shocked him to his core.
One-point-two million pages already handed over to Congress.
They changed it, that would be what? Obstruction of justice and against the law?
Sebastian, as you take all of this in, as you absorb all of this, it's kind of -- for some, it's hard to believe. But now, the evidence has been mounting and mounting and mounting, and one smoking gun after another. It's incontrovertible at this point.
Hey, who has an exoneration before an investigation?
The fix -- because they wanted Hillary to remain.
All right. Judge, let me go to you. You're great on the law. I know you've been very passionate and on your own show on this. Let's break this down.
I'm not going to disagree with you.
The reason that this will be coming out and I'm glad that the White House told me tonight that they will be deliberative, that they're taking it seriously, they're not rushing out with it. Obviously, the State of the Union tomorrow, I'm hoping we'd see this by Wednesday night or Thursday.
But they're doing the right thing because this is not a game. We are talking about people's lives, we're talking about potential crimes, we're talking about people being charged, going to jail but more importantly, and the scary part of this and I'll throw this to Sara for more information -- is that we have now weaponized the powerful tools of intelligence. FISA is important because we -- that means that's our government spying on citizens, and if Hillary's bought and paid for dossier was the foundation to do this, wow.
To influence a presidential election.
And when you say that, this makes Watergate like stealing a Snickers bar from a drugstore.
Of course, it's been a year we've been --
Yes.
Yes, Dr. Gorka?
It was a bought and paid for opposition dossier of lies.
All right. You get the last word tonight, Judge Jeanine.
There's a not a lot.
Judge, we need a special counsel. We need it yesterday.
I don't know what they're waiting for. I don't know. It's a scary night but there's going to be a lot of news all week long.
We are part of a small group of people, I'll add John Solomon, I'll add Gregg Jarrett, I'll add Tom Fitton. I'll add Joe diGenova and Victoria Toensing, anybody I'm missing?
And will say Freedom Caucus members and some others, not a lot of them. Ron DeSantis, Mark Meadows, Jim Jordan.
Sad. The media has been lying to you. We've caught them.
When we come back, Kellyanne Conway -- by the way, they have us doing the show in the cold. It's freezing. That's a real open cold air back there behind.
We'll continue from the swamp, straight ahead.
All right. And as we come to you from the swamp, the sewer that is Washington, joining us now with the big reaction to breaking news tonight, counsel to the president, Kellyanne Conway.
Good to see you. How are you?
You like it, we didn't give you any heat. They actually -- they handed me -- I give it to the guest, I don't need to give it heated seat.
Welcome back.
This is not small. You've been in the White House for the entire year. There's no evidence of this collusion narrative of the media. I've watched you try and fight with these idiots over on the shh-hole network.
But here we are also --
We know the fix was in on Hillary's emails so she could keep running. We know the people involved. We have the text messages and then we know that her paid-for dossier was used to spy on a opposition candidate, and an incoming president. This isn't funny.
The president --
There's a big story to tell that again I have to go back to the media that they have never told it. They've never talked about we have 2.2 million new jobs, 2 million fewer people on food stamps, consumer confidence through the roof, two quarters of three plus percent GDP growth, and we still -- the tax plan kicks in February 1.
No, no, there crumbs reported. Thousand -- I was poor my life, for my adult life. Crumbs is a thousand or two thousand dollars.
All the factories coming back, all the manufacturing centers.
We have since the history of demographics on unemployment. The lowest unemployment level for black Americans and Hispanic Americans and women, 17 year low. It is amazing
Gotten very little coverage.
Back to our top story. Andrew McCabe is gone. This memo is going to be released. I am told it will shock the conscience. Then you have an investigation fixed on top of Hillary Clinton's primary, but an investigation obviously gets from crimes were committed. No wonder people were shouting lock her up. It's get worse than that. Her phony Russian dossier use as a foundation to get a warrant to spy on Donald Trump and his campaign and an incoming presidency. This to me is the biggest political scandal in American history.
Kellyanne, I know you are working hard every day.
Immediately thereafter. I hope people tune in. All right. When we come back on, Ed Henry has a preview of the state of the union address. Brit Hume weighs in on the top story of the day as we continue from our nation's capital.
All right. President Trump is preparing to deliver his first state of the union address tomorrow night in the capitol building, that one right behind me. All right. From the White House a preview of the president's speech Fox news chief national correspondent -- how unfair is it for me to whine about the cold when you are out there in the cold every night?
Tell me to shut up Hannity and just stay in the comfort of your warm studio.
Really? I don't have an overcoat on. Give me credit.
It's not that cold out. I like to complain. I used to build houses in the freezing cold. Thank you very much, Ed Henry. Joining us now is Fox news senior political analyst Brit Hume. Brit let's go to the top story here. You have the House Intelligence Committee, they release this memo. It's going to the White House. My sources told me tonight that the president and the White House will be deliberative and take this seriously. There is no rush to get it out. They want to know what is in this first.
Brit, look, you have been around Washington a long time. I am now in my 23rd year in Fox and 30 years in radio. I have a lot of sources as you do and every single person that I know who saw this memo, they used words like explosive, shock the conscience will be a political earthquake. It's only the beginning. There is a lot more they know is coming that will follow. What are your sources telling you?
That is fair. You have been around this town a long time. Here's what we do know. It's scary from Donna Brazile says the primary against Bernie Sanders was rigged and it does get scary when you read the text messages between Strzok and Page and the exoneration was written months before the investigation in terms of Hillary's emails. It get a little scary when one candidate pay for Russian dossier with salacious phony details and that can be use as a FISA warrant to spy on an opposition candidate. At that point, when is the media begin to cover this? You know many in the media in this town.
All right. Brit Hume, always great perspective. Thank you, sir. When we come back, Sean Spicer, and Ari Fleischer they will weigh in on today's big blockbuster top story. Straight ahead.
Back to our top story tonight. The House Intelligence Committee voting to release the classified memo thanks to a lot of you tweeting out, calling your Congressman and saying release the memo. Following the blow, Democrats and the members of the mainstream media immediately began condemning the move. They don't want to see the memo and they don't want you to see the memo. Take a look.
All right. Joining us now former White House press secretary for President Trump Sean Spicer and former White House press secretary for President Bush, Fox news contributor Ari Fleischer. Good to see you both. All right. Let's talk about the origins of this. This is important. The origins are simple. You have an email server investigation that clearly they were exonerating before investigations? It was written months before they interviewed main principals. Then we have a dossier full of Russian lies and propaganda that was used to influence the American people. That was not true. And then we know it was used as a foundation to get a FISA warrant to spy on a campaign and the President-Elect. To me that is the biggest story in our lifetime. It's such a danger, because FISA is all about spying on Americans. You better have good cause rather than op- research that was never verified as Simpson said.
The man in power did one a day.
300 plus percent increase. That is one of the early stories we broke.
I think the American people need to see. It we need to put all of the fixes in so we protect everyone's constitutional rights against unreasonable search and seizure. We have to vet out those people who clearly, purposely abused this program that was designed to keep Americans safe.
We knew foreign intelligence agencies got ahold of Clinton's email server.
Do you think the fix was in when they exonerated, writing exoneration letter before investigating?
She committed crimes and they covered for her. They are using her paid for dossier to spy on an opposition campaign, how severe is this?
That is scary. When we come back, up next, Grammys off the rails last night. We got the best tape video of the day, Hannity hotline from nation's capital the sewer. Straight ahead.
All right. Some of you I hope you had better things to do than watch the Grammys last night, but there were some wild moments, take a look.
It works so well this year's Grammys. Lowest ratings on record. Down 24 percent in one year. Time for the "Hannity" hotline.
Blinded migraines? Every time I open my mouth I kill kittens. Wow. This is tough on my ego but you said nice things about Laura Ingraham, call us 877-225-8587, let not your heart be troubled, we will never be the destroy Trump media.
Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 196  ***************************************************
 The conspiracy theory media lies to you again! Now, this is not surprising considering the left-wing media -- it's like an echo chamber. They all find one topic to attack the president on, and they repeat and repeat and repeat the same talking points. This is beyond pathetic, predictable, and frankly, dangerous in a lot of ways.
Now, while the media was going after President Trump, on this program, well, we actually tried to find out the truth. Remember, this was March 4 when the president tweeted. On March 8 on this program, Circa News's Sara Carter, John Solomon -- they were reporting that Trump's communications could have, in fact, been caught up in this FISA warrant that was in effect in October. We were way ahead of the curve. Here's what Sara Carter told us back then.
Understood.
So the truth was staring all these so-called journalists in the face the entire time. They never followed up on that story. Remember, Sara Carter, John Solomon -- they did all the legwork for them. Of course they didn't. It doesn't fit their narrative, their ideological agenda. They'd just rather repeat each other's lies and conspiracy theories than report the facts and explain what's really going on, something you deserve.
And after breaking this story, well, some of the anchors over at the fake news network CNN -- even now, they finally are having to start to admit that President Trump was right the entire time. After March 4 this happened. Take a look.
So when will other members of the establishment destroy Trump media -- when are they going to come forward and admit they had it wrong?
Now, there's a very important fact in this story that cannot be ignored. And that is Obama's former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper. He denied on "Meet the Press" back in March that there was ever any wiretappings of President Trump or his campaign. And he also said there was no evidence of a FISA court warrant. Listen to what he says. Watch this.
Wrong and shocking. Now, Clapper needs to be hauled in front of Congress and he needs to be ordered to testify under oath about everything that he knows and how he went on television and said something that's not true. Because guess what? He doesn't appear to be telling the truth yet again in the clip we just showed you. It's inexcusable.
And what a difference a president makes. Now, President Trump didn't not stop with North Korea. He also focused on radical Islamic mullahs in Tehran and the disastrous Iranian nuclear deal. Look at this.
Now, that deal is an embarrassment to the United States, and we've not heard the last of it.
Now, this is what leading on the world stage actually looks like. President Trump refused to appease and capitulate to countries like Iran and the hate America crowd in North Korea, countries that want to see Israel wiped off the map. In fact, President Trump is receiving very high praise for his very bold and direct address. The Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, said it was the most bold, courageous speech he's ever heard at the United Nations.
Now, President Trump also outlined his plan to defeat radical Islamic terrorism and called on other countries to ramp up their efforts in that fight -- modern-day evil. And I've got to say it's beyond refreshing and encouraging to have a president who's not afraid to call out radical Islamic terrorism by name. Remember, only a couple years ago, President Obama did the exact opposite at the U.N. and actually said that Islam is the religion of peace. Well, for some, yes. But for many, no.
And finally, during the major speech, President Trump defended American sovereignty by declaring he, as president, will always put America first.
Now, later in the program, we will have Ambassador John Bolton, and in an exclusive interview tonight, the president of Egypt. Now, he's been extremely courageous in battling and identifying radical Islamic terrorists.
But first, joining us now, the author of The New York Times number one best seller, "Understanding Trump," former Speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich. By the way, Newt has an on-line course called Defending America. Mr. Speaker, good to see you again.
You know, Democrats ripping this as bombastic and dangerous. And I'm looking at the words of the speech and he says -- OK, he reiterated his commitment to America first. Our government's first duty to his people, to our citizens, to serve their needs, ensure their safety, preserve their rights, to defend their values. And as president, I'll always put America first.
And he takes on North Korea that's firing missiles over Japan almost on a weekly basis. And he takes on radical Islam and radical Islamic mullahs in Iran and saying they can't get nukes. Why am I having a hard time understanding the criticism here?
"Mad Dog" Mattis, General Mattis said that the U.S. may have a secret weapon to neutralize North Korea. When he was pressed -- why are you laughing? When he was pressed further, he said, Well -- he talked about, I don't want to get into it when he was talking about kinetic options. What -- in your opinion, is that a clue as to what might be the option they're talking about?
In the beginning of the movie...
Oh, that would be -- I've been saying there's no good options. That, to me, would be a really good option.
And your rockets didn't work.
All right, last question...
Big time. Let me go back to March 4th of this year, when the president pointed out and tweeted out that he was being wiretapped. Well, we now found out that, in fact, the president was right. And we did -- as I said in my opening monologue, we talked about this on March 8th. And Sara Carter and John Solomon broke the story, FISA warrants, other warrants, and we know what happened. But there's the bigger, broader issue here of the unprecedented amount of surveillance of a political opposition candidate, unmasking of people, in the case of General Flynn, leaking intelligence. And then you have people like Samantha Power, the U.N. rep, unmasking up to 300 people, most of them Trump people, Ben Rhodes, Susan Rice. And you have to ask yourself what is going on here? And how dangerous is this to the 4th Amendment from your perspective?
All right, Mr. Speaker, I totally agree. Thanks for being with us.
When we come back, leaking, surveillance, unmasking -- what's going on? Gregg Jarrett, Monica Crowley are here with more on this explosive report. Paul Manafort's phone was wiretapped, and the media did lie to you.
Also, John Bolton back with reaction to the president's hard-hitting address at the U.N.
And I have an announcement and actually some good news at the end of the show straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So according to reports, former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort was actually wiretapped by the U.S. government before and after the presidential election. So on this new information, does it vindicate what the president tweeted out on March 4th about wiretapping?
Joining us now, Gregg Jarrett. He has a new op-ed out. It's entitled "Sessions should resign, but not before taking action against Clinton, Comey, and Rice." And also joining us is conservative commentator Monica Crowley is with us.
Monica, let me start with you. All right, the media is so wrong again. And they basically -- oh, the president has no facts, no truth. We reported this on this program on March 8th. We were right, they were wrong. Now, for example, CNN reports it, but they don't admit every one their reports was dead wrong. When do they ever take responsibility for fake news, false reporting?
You know, and rightly, Gregg Jarrett, obviously, surveillance took place here. And Manafort's saying tonight, Hey, release them. We have discussed in detail all of the issues involving intercepts, leaking, unmasking. Why would Samantha Powers (sic) and Susan Rice and Ben Rhodes - - to the extent, they're spying on an opposition candidate. But here's my broader question.
Assuming all of that is true, now we're back in a situation which goes to your column today. I'm trying to understand, 11 months of Russia, Russia, no evidence, and they now have investigative creep, and yet all of these issues and all of these crimes that you laid out so systematically in your column today, that explain -- where is Jeff Sessions?
I mean, I've always liked Senator Sessions. Where is he doing his job?
So what could he do now? Is it possible he's doing all these things, Gregg...
... and we don't know about it yet?
But it's not like you can get rid of him because now you need Senate approval again and...
All right, guys. Thanks.
When we come back, the former ambassador to the U.N. John Bolton has reaction to the president's speech to the United Nations from earlier today.
That and we kind of have a big announcement and some good news to share with you at the end of the show straight ahead.
President Trump's historic speech at the United Nations from earlier today where he condemned the rogue regime in Iran. Joining us now, Fox News contributor, former U.S. ambassador to the U.N., John Bolton.
So ABC, fake news, first reaction is, oh, my gosh, this is bordering on a threat of war crimes by the president. Then the Democrats say it's bombastic and dangerous. And then I look at the one adult that has been on the world stage that has understood evil in our time, Prime Minister Netanyahu from Israel. And he said, you know what, in the over 30 years I've been listening to speeches at the U.N., in my experience, I've never heard a bolder and more courageous speech, he said. And the president spoke the truth about the dangers that face this world. That was my interpretation which obviously is a little different than the corrupt media and the Democrats.
It's funny, because earlier you said it was the best speech of his presidency. I asked Newt earlier tonight, I asked what about this kinetic option? And he gave a pretty good explanation about military capabilities that most Americans have no knowledge of, which they shouldn't. I should not know about it. But if the speaker described it correctly, where we could wipe out all communications and everything that Rocket man Kim Jong-un, as the president calls him, has at his avail, that to me would be the one good option that nobody is talking about. True or false?
I don't know how any American could be against putting their security first. Ambassador, good to see you. Thank you, great insight.
When we come back, former governor Mike Huckabee is here. And later, I sat down with the Egyptian president el-Sisi for an exclusive interview about radical Islam and so much more. You don't want to miss this straight ahead.
More of the president's speech at the U.N. today. Joining us now, Fox News contributor, former governor of Arkansas Mike Huckabee. It really is an amazing compare-contrast. It's not an apology. It's not appeasement. It is a direct -- it's a direct response to the evil of this generation. And the fact that people on the left don't appreciate that, I'm trying to understand what it is that they want, because bribing Kim Jong-un's father, Kim Jong Il didn't work. Bribing the mullahs in Iran will not work. And anything short of appeasement, they seem to find offensive. Your reaction?
I was like queue Elton John. I think we have music that can accompany that line. But it's also him being him, which I think is so important for anybody to be successful in whatever they do. You have got to be yourself.
All right, governor, good to see you.
When we come back, yesterday I sat down with the Egyptian president el- Sisi. I asked him how do we combat radical Islam? And a big announcement, and a little bit of good news, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So earlier today at the U.N., the Egyptian president, he addressed the United Nations. Yesterday I sat down with President el-Sisi to talk about how his country is helping to fight radical Islamic terrorism and much more. I think you will find this interesting. Watch this.
Mr. President, it's a great honor to have you. Welcome to the United States.
Thank you.
You took one of the most courageous stands I have very seen on the world stage as it relates to radical Islam. And I want to remind our audience what you said, and you gave a speech and it was translated, and you were talking about the Islamic world and the destruction of the rest of the world, and you said -- you raised a question. You said is a possible that 1.6 billion Muslims should want to kill the rest of the world inhabitants, that is 7 billion, so they themselves may live? Impossible. And then you said Islam needs a religious revolution. And I want you to go into that further. Explain.
In this city, I grew up in New York. I've lived around the rest of the United States. In this city we lost 3,000 people and it led to a big war on terror. Does the world, the people of this world need to unite against modern-day evil that is radical Islam? Would you like to see that?
When you indoctrinate children into believing they are doing the work of a creator, of Allah, whatever the religion, into believing that when they kill innocents, and this is men, women, and children, how is it possible that you get to the root cause of it?
And one of the things that I liked about your speech is you addressed the radicalism had on. That's what was courageous. I think there has been a timidity, a cowardice almost when it comes to saying "radical Islamic terror." In this country, people that say "radical Islamic terrorism" are criticized. Does that surprise you?
That is true, more Muslims have been killed by radicalized Muslims than any other group. I concede the point. You yourself had to take military action with the death of 21 Coptic Egyptian Christians dealing with ISIS in Libya at the time. And you took strong military steps. So it would be good in my view if the world would recognize the radicalism and confront it. Fair?
You took it a step further. Your country, for example, recognizes that the Muslim Brotherhood, you designated it, I agree with you, as a terrorist organization. You have asked the United States to similarly designate this as a terror organization. But there's been resistance in the United States like there was resistance to identifying radical Islamists. Why do you think there's this resistance to just identify those people that would commit evil in our time against innocent men, women, and children?
When we come back, I have some good news, and a big announcement. I hope you will stay with us.
Welcome back to "Hannity." I have some good news. I'm pretty excited to announce that I am an executive producer of my first movie. It's called "Let There Be Light," a movie the whole family can see. The movie just won best picture at the Canadian International Faith and Family Film Festival. By the way, here's a preview of the movie. Take a look.
Don't worry, I don't play a big role. It's been two years in the making, very, very proud of this project that I've been a part of, and we will soon be announcing where the theaters are. It will debut in theaters on October the 27th, and we will tell you when and where you can go watch it. We hope you'll enjoy it, and your whole family can go.
That's all the time we have left this evening. As always thank you for being with us. Don't forget, next Monday back to our old time slot at 9:00 p.m. eastern, 6:00 pacific. And let's just say we have a few surprises next week. Hope you'll join us then, hope you'll join us tomorrow night, and have a great evening.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 197  ***************************************************
 Over the weekend in Saudi Arabia, President Trump gave a historic speech, no apologies, no political correctness, none of the weakness displayed by President Obama over the past eight years, President Trump leading from the front, identifying what is really at stake, that this is a battle between good and evil. Watch these powerful words.
Remember, President Trump said that in Saudi Arabia before what happened in Manchester. The president is now using principled realism rooted in partnership, not perfection, as he said. The president wasn't lecturing, wasn't talking down to these nations. By the way, they're not easily going to change the way they do things.
Instead, in front of 50 Arab leaders, 50 countries, he's calling on them to eradicate the foot soldiers of evil. And he's asking the Arab world to now step up and to do its part and to come together and unite around a common goal, to defeat ISIS and radical Islamic terrorism, evil in our time. That is now needed now more than ever.
Also tonight, the unsolved murder of former DNC staffer Seth Rich continues to get a huge amount of attention. I want to say something. I totally, completely understand how upset, how hard this is on this family, especially over the recent coverage of Seth's death.
I've been communicating with them. I got a very heartfelt note. I also sent them a heartfelt note back. I reached out personally today to Seth's brother, Aaron. I expressed my condolences over how hard, how difficult this has been for him and his family. As I told Aaron, my heart, my soul, my prayers -- everything goes out to them in this very difficult time.
I'm a father. I know I personally -- I don't think I'd ever recover from losing a child or a brother. I honestly don't think I would. I cannot imagine the pain that they are in. And as a father, when I saw the video of the parents on line saying they want answers -- and I know the brother Aaron started a GoFundMe page -- it truly pained me.
However, out of respect for the family's wishes, for now, I am not discussing this matter at this time. Let me explain this. There are so many issues here, not the least of which is the Democratic push of their Russia narrative, collusion, Trump Russia narrative, Trump Russia narrative. There's something clearly happening here. The destroy Trump media, the Democrats -- they have been pushing that Russian tinfoil hat conspiracy theory with zero evidence.
For example, earlier today on Capitol Hill, former CIA director John Brennan was asked about Russia collusion. Take a look.
And you remember back in March during an interview on "Meet the Press," the former Obama director of national intelligence, James Clapper -- he also said no evidence of Russia collusion. Watch this.
Predictably, Clapper has been changing his tune about what he said in March, but he's not the only person who has come forward and admitted that there is zero evidence, zero evidence of collusion. But yet they keep pushing this narrative in the destroy Trump media.
For example, listen to top Democratic lawmakers. They're saying there's no evidence. Watch this.
In addition to Democrats admitting that they've seen no evidence whatsoever, back in January while testifying under oath, James Clapper also said no evidence that Russia affected the actual vote tallies. His words, not mine.
So there's no evidence of collusion, nothing to suggest that actual votes were changed! Of course, these facts have not stopped the destroy Trump media. Night after night after night, they have been pushing this tinfoil hat conspiracy theory. It is beyond shameful. It's not rooted in fact, no evidence, no votes impacted. I'm not the one saying it. You just heard it for yourself. Take a look.
We've shown you -- no evidence of Russia collusion, no votes changed. The media -- destroy Trump media has completely misrepresented the facts.
All right, that was President Trump earlier today talking about the terror attack on innocent civilians, young people, last night at a concert in Manchester, England. Now, the president still is on his overseas trip and is continuing his push to eradicate ISIS and violent Islamic extremists across the world.
Joining us now with reaction, deputy assistant to the president, and that is Sebastian Gorka. Dr. Gorka, good to see you. First, your reaction to that, and then I want to talk about his speech from Saudi Arabia on Saturday.
Let me go to what I played in the last block, Dr. Gorka, because I think this by far -- the single defining speech by an American president addressing evil in our time. Now, we lost in the last century 100 million human souls -- the gulags, Stalin, Russia, Nazism, Fascism, imperial Japan, the killing fields, Cambodia -- 100 million souls.
And let me just play some of Donald Trump from his speech.
Some of the most powerful language identifying evil in our time. That "Drive them out" -- extraordinarily powerful. I know the Trump-Russia conspiracy media, destroy Trump media -- that's all they've been focused on. But they missed one of the biggest moments with an American president and 50 leaders in the Arab world that has ever occurred in history! Your reaction.
You know, I love when he said terrorists do not worship God, they worship death. What was so evil about Manchester -- and by the way, when I interviewed Benjamin Netanyahu the time before the last time I was just in Israel, he said to me -- he talked about the great Satan, America. The little Satan, Israel. And I talked about what they have experienced and the terror that they face every day. And he warned that this is a preview of coming attractions.
We see it in Chattanooga, San Bernardino, Fort Hood, the Pulse nightclub, the Tsarnaev brothers, the Boston bombing. If we don't get a hold of this, we're talking about the potential of so many more people dying.
If Iran gets a nuclear weapon, I shudder to think of the human catastrophe that could take place. I don't think the left in this country understands as they fight the president on vetting of people that come from cultures that clash with ours, clash of civilization, grow up under sharia that persecutes women, gays, lesbians, Christians and Jews -- they don't get it. Why do they not get it?
Dr. Gorka, we have an opportunity to create an alliance that is unprecedented. The Saudis, the Israelis, the Egyptians, Jordanians, the Emirates and others. But they have now got to step up.
Thanks for being with us. Appreciate it.
When we come back, more reaction to the horrific terror attack in Manchester. Monica Crowley, Jay Sekulow are here.
Also, Sara Carter, John Solomon, Circa News, with an explosive new report about how the Obama administration violated your privacy rights for years and only revealed what was happening just days before President Trump was elected. They'll be here with breaking details.
And also tonight...
In the wake of yesterday's deadly terror attack in Manchester, President Trump continues his push to defeat terrorism. Michelle Malkin is here to weigh in tonight.
Welcome back to "Hannity." And last night, as we began getting initial information on the tragic terror attack in Manchester, the alt-left media -- well, they seemed reluctant to admit that it could be terror- related. Instead, they warned their audiences about racing to conclusions.
Over there on MSNBC, Rachel Maddow was telling her viewers that in a similar case, well, initial reports were conflicting or did not bear out over time. Then you had over at CNN Anderson Cooper, quote, "There is probably more that we don't know." And I -- by the way, I'm -- we should all be reasonable.
Joining us with reaction, from the American Center for Law and Justice, Jay Sekulow, by the way, who's done legal work for me in the past, and conservative commentator Monica Crowley.
Yes, I think we should be cautious, but I'd say the overwhelming vast majority at times, Jay, it turns out to be terror, doesn't it, radical Islamic terror?
And you can't say it enough. It's so painful. I have a daughter. You know, and her friends, they like girls like Ariana Grande.
And for a period she loved Taylor Swift and loves her, and they want to go to concerts. Do we now have to think, oh, there's going to be an extremist with shrapnel bombs that if God forbid that actually got inside the stadium? I shudder to think of the misery and evil.
Jay, I have to keep going back to these words. "Drive them out. Drive them out." This is a battle between good and evil. For all the time Bibi Netanyahu has been the lone adult with moral clarity on the world stage. Thankfully, now he has a partner. I was also very impressed with the British prime minister, Theresa May, and her handling of this and her statement. I actually see an emerging potential for a coalition no one ever dreamed of before. Your thoughts?
You wrote one of the first books, Jay, on ISIS, so I really take what you're saying here to heart, and Sebastian Gorka and others -- what did you want to say, Monica?
Caliphate.
Some don't believe it. Nigel Farage told me today I've been trying to tell you what has happened here.
And it's coming. He goes, please listen. He loves America as a Brit.
Well said both of you. When we come back, an investigative report, Sara Carter, and John Solomon, CircaNews.com, a major breaking story tonight about how the Obama administration has violated your privacy rights for years. They'll explain.
And also tonight --
The president stays strong today in Jerusalem renewing his push to eradicate ISIS and violent Islamic extremism, especially in the wake of yesterday's deadly terror attack in Manchester. Michelle Malkin is here to weigh in tonight.
Welcome back to HANNITY. Now, former CIA director under President Obama John Brennan, he testified on Capitol Hill earlier today as part of the investigation into whether Russia interfered in our 2016 presidential election. This comes as a new explosive report by Circa News John Solomon and Sara Carter details how an Obama intelligence agency violated Americans privacy for years and then secretly disclosed this at a closed door hearing just days before President Donald Trump was elected. And today during his Congressional testimony, Brennan had this to say about whether or not he personally requested to have Americans names unmasked. Watch this.
Joining us now with a breaking report from Circa News, Sara Carter and John Solomon. Sara, let's start with you. Tell us about this breaking news report and a lot more to come tomorrow as I understand it.
I want you to juxtapose this, John, if you may, if you can for our audience, the increase in surveillance that you saw in this election cycle. Remember, I first interviewed at CPAC, this was March of 2015, this presidential election cycle, recent one, started, and what you saw in terms of surveillance, unmasking, the percentage of increase -- I think I got it wrong in a recent report. I thought I was quoting you at 600, but over 350 percent, and connect it to what Sara just explained to our audience.
I want to ask you both this, because this is so important. So you see a dramatic increase in surveillance, unmasking, we know that intelligent leaking has occurred. And we have John Brennan today admitting that unmasking occurred. So I guess what the American people really need to know, and Sara, I will throw this to you, we really need to know if this government under the guise of using national security used the weaponry of our intelligence agencies to spy, unmask political opponents in an election cycle, political opposition in an election cycle? And how deep does it go? And how high up does it go? Does that make sense?
Can you give me a little -- I know this is hard -- a little glimpse into what you're going to bring to our audience on this program tomorrow night?
Go ahead, John, interrupt Sara, your partner. That's All right.
And up next tonight right here on HANNITY.
In the wake of yesterday's deadly a terror attack in Manchester, the president once again says terrorism must be eradicated. Up next, we get reaction from Michelle Malkin straight ahead.
That was the president earlier today in Israel talking about the need to combat terrorism, extremism. Now, in light of yesterday's deadly terror attack in Manchester, England, there has now been renewed support for President Trump's travel ban right here at home. According to a BBC news report, quote, "Approximately 850 people from the U.K. have traveled to support or fight for jihadist organizations in Syria or Iraq. And as of February about half have returned to the U.K." Earlier today a British newspaper, "The Express," ran a headline that reads, quote, "3,500 potential terrorists and 400 ISIS fighters back from Syria in the U.K."
Joining us now, the host of "Michelle Malkin Investigates," CRTV.com, Michelle Malkin. That is inconceivable to me. Just like those that are unwilling to vet people that grew up in a culture that contradicts our constitutional republic here where men think they have the right to tell women how to dress and they can't drive and they can't leave the country without a man's approval or they kill gays and lesbians and they persecute Christians and Jews, and you can't build temples or places of worship. My question to you is, look at England, look at how we're acting and how the left is reacting here to just vetting people. And what is your reaction if we want to keep the American people safe?
Listen, this is evil beyond measure. And we go through all of these cases. I have a story on here today, Mayor de Blasio's decision to honor a terrorist bomber. And you have these extremist anti-Semites that speak at these colleges at commencement. There seems to be a missing chip that people are incapable, and I wrote a book, "Deliver Us from Evil," They are incapable of understanding the magnitude of evil and 100 million human souls being destroyed in the last century. And the threat that mankind faces today -- they targeted kids below teenage years yesterday. They targeted teenage girls yesterday. They did it with the maximum amount of damage possible as they put all these nails and all these things for maximum carnage. I don't understand for the life of me how we get called racist because we want to keep people safe and we're just asking that you show that you want to be on our side before we let you in and give you the honor to be in.
Michelle Malkin, very powerful as always. Thank you for being with us. When we come back, a very important "Question of the Day." We hope you will join us, straight ahead.
Time for our "Question of the Day." So do you agree with President Trump we need to drive out extremists, drive them out?
Wholeheartedly, but we want your opinion. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
That's all the time we have this evening. Thanks for being with us, and hopefully we'll see you back here tomorrow night.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 198  ***************************************************
 Welcome back to "Hannity." That's unfortunately all the time we have left for this evening. You can follow me on Twitter @EricBolling, and be sure to watch me along with Eboni K. Williams and Kat Timpf on our new show, "The FOX News Specialists" every weekday at 5 p.m. eastern. Bill Richardson and Dana Loesch are going to join us on Monday.
Thank you for being with us. Have a great weekend, everybody.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 199  ***************************************************
 All right, huge breaking news tonight. Now, we have been telling you it's coming. It is now here. Stunning reporting tonight from Sara Carter that we are confirming with our sources.
Classified DOJ documents that members of Congress are now reviewing it shows widespread and extensive FISA abuses against the Trump campaign. And we have names.
Now, here is how it all went down. At the last minute at the House, they finally got literally within an hour, their subpoena requests approved by the DOJ. Members of Congress were able to get their hands on all these classified documents. Now, at the last minute, Rod Rosenstein tried to stop it by going into Paul Ryan's office. Paul Ryan would have none of it.
Now, it is more disturbing than we ever thought. And at this hour, our sources are telling us that the abusive power is far bigger than Watergate. Remember, Watergate was a third rate break-in. What we're talking about tonight is the systematic abuse of power, the weaponizing of those powerful tools of intelligence, and the shredding of our Fourth Amendment constitutional rights that protect all of us against unlawful search and seizure.
It is complicated but it's also simple. We're going to break it all down for new a way that I hope is easy to understand. Now, go back to the Watergate comparison for a minute. We have a group of people who tried to cover up the lead up to an election. They broke in. They stole things they shouldn't have stole from the opposition.
What we're talking about tonight is an abuse of the powerful tools of intelligence that we use to spy on people, except those tools were used against an opposition candidate, and a president-elect, and his entire team. And it was done not only under false pretenses, but with the help of Hillary Clinton. She bought and paid for the dossier that they filled with Russian lies, propaganda, salacious details that were never true. And that dossier was corroborated, we now know, by a long-time Clinton ally and sycophant.
Now, here are the people that we're going to learn an awful lot about in the next couple of weeks. Pay very close attention. They are the highest ranks of the Department of Justice in your FBI. And tonight, we can confirm that the Trump-hating, Clinton-loving, FBI agent Peter Strzok and his mistress, FBI lawyer Lisa Page, they are at the nexus of everything and there is so much more information coming.
Now, at the end of all of this, we're going to learn an awful lot beyond any shadow of a doubt that the special counsel, Robert Mueller and his band of Democratic witch-hunters never should have been appointed and they need to be disbanded immediately. Now, here's why Strzok and Page are connected to everything.
What we're learning tonight is that these two Trump-hating individuals, they are at the heart and soul and center of it all. Remember, we still have 9,600 texts of theirs between each other that we haven't seen yet. And we're expecting that some of them will be released tomorrow. And everything that we have learned so far about Strzok and Page is now beginning to make sense. Let me explain. They called Trump an idiot, a loathsome human and said F Trump. And, by the way, the meaning by behind this particular text message is now tonight coming into clear focus.
Remember Strzok, he wrote his mistress, Page, "I want to believe the path that you threw out for consideration in Andy's office that there is no way he gets elected, but I'm afraid we can't take that risk. It's like an insurance policy in the unlikely event you die before you're 40."
Now, we believe here at Fox that Andy, mentioned in that text, is the FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe. And this text message was sent on August the 15th of 2016. This is a very critical time frame and here's why. Around the exact same time that Strzok and Page are talking about their insurance policy, well, the Obama administration officials are going to the FISA court to get a warrant on Carter Page.
Stay with me. They are using Carter Page as a pretext to really spy on the Trump campaign. And now, it is transparent to all of us what Strzok was saying to page when they spoke about the insurance policy with Andy -- we believe Andrew McCabe in that text message, needing that insurance policy.
Now, everyone seems to forget Lisa Page is a key legal counselor for McCabe. See how it all ties together? And, listen, when they are sending the text messages about an insurance policy, they are also going to the FISA court.
Now, sources are telling us tonight that the first time they tried to get the FISA warrant against Carter Page was in the summer. It was denied. Then the second time they tried to get it in the early fall, they used the phony Clinton bought and paid for dossier. And this time, they were successful for one reason. The fake news dossier put the request over the top. It was the final nail in the coffin to get the FISA warrant out there against Trump.
Now, you can forget about the reporting about George Papadopoulos running his mouth at a nightclub to an Australian diplomat. Any lawyer is going to tell you that that four-way hearsay, that's never going to hold up in court. Hearsay doesn't hold up in court.
So, back to Carter Page and the FISA warrant on him. It's a very important variety of things happening here. At that point the Obama administration, they should have known that the dossier was totally false, full of salacious Russian lies. It should have been suspect on its face value. Now, Fusion GPS, they never even verified what was in that dossier, never tried, because they trusted Christopher Steele who they hired, who put it all together. The same Christopher Steele would reportedly, you know, pay Russians to get information. And by his very nature, think about it, he has a former MI-6 guy. He was highly skilled in deception.
So, tonight, sources who were familiar with this classified information, only Congress can see it right now. They are telling me that it's a case of show me the man and I will show you the crime.
All right. Now that you are up to speed on that part. We have a lot of questions for key people involved. Now, we need to know what all of these top Obama administration officials knew and when they found out, and exactly how they were involved in spying on an opposition campaign and an incoming president.
Now, our questions don't end there. What did Hillary Clinton know? Her campaign know? The DNC that she controlled know? We know they paid Fusion GPS, what, 12 billion plus dollars to put this phony dossier together. Did she know this was happening and when did she know it?
What did President Obama know? Was he briefed about the dossier before the election? Now, we believe he was.
To sum it all up, Clinton fixed the primary, remember, against Bernie Sanders. Then Peter Strzok and James Comey -- well, they fixed the investigation into her emails by exonerating her before even investigating that particular case. That allowed Clinton to stay in the race and at the same time, Strzok his mistress, Lisa Page, deputy FBI Director McCabe seemed to be on a mission, an insurance policy mission to destroy Trump. Insurance policy in case God forbid he wins, we don't think it's going to happen. And it's clear they were using the powerful tools of intelligence and a FISA warrant to have a backup plan in case Hillary lost.
This is far worse than Watergate. This is an abuse of surveillance and intelligence to win an election, a massive abuse of power. And it was all done by just a few people who think and thought they knew better than you about who should be the president of the United States.
This is only the tip of the spear. It is the biggest national scandal by far in our lifetime.
Joining us now with more information, Congressman Jim Jordan and Matt Gaetz and Fox News contributor Sara Carter.
Sara, let me ask all three of you, yes or no, am I over the target?
Jim Jordan?
Will it shock the conscience of the American people?
Matt Gaetz, you saw these materials today, you are agreeing with Jim Jordan. Because it sounds like a few people decided they wanted to fix not only -- they fixed it not only so Hillary would get in trouble on the email server scandal, we know felonies were committed. She fixed the primary, rigged the primary. It sounds like they are fixing and rigging here a general election or to overturn an election, and, you know, I mean, whatever word you want to describe that -- fixing, rigging, a coup, I don't know.
Is it a fair statement that we've been -- the onion we have been unpeeling, we have been over the target the whole time, Congressman Gaetz?
Sara Carter, you have been all over this all day. What can you tell us about your reporting?
All right. I agree with you on release of documents. "The Wall Street Journal" tonight in an editorial, they are demanding the same thing.
Congressman Jordan, we deserve to see this. You agree with that? And how soon will would he be able to get our eyes on these documents?
Not one Democrat wanted you to see it.
Well, it sounds to me like a lot of people, Congressman Gaetz, need to be fired and investigated.
Without giving any details, do you conclude that Mueller, the whole issue of Trump-Russia collusion never should have come up. Does Mueller need to disband and does he need --
I know from my sources, Sara, that they are saying this should result in the immediate firing of Lisa Page, of Peter Strzok, of Bruce Ohr, also Andrew McCabe.
Did Rosenstein sign off on extension of this FISA warrant? Do we know?
Do you have -- can you give us any information, not giving us any details, Congressman Jordan but -- about Comey, about Mueller? And I'm very interested about Rod Rosenstein in all of this.
Well, we can eliminate this quickly it wasn't Jeff Sessions. He was recused. So, it's either Rosenstein or I believe one other person has the ability to --
Comey had to know all of this was going on, didn't he?
#releasethedocument. Release all the background associated with the document. Thank you all for being with us.
Great reporting.
All right. We'll have more on this breaking news, a jam-packed lineup tonight. Gregg Jarrett, Larry Elder, they weigh in. Ed Henry, Jesse Watters, Jessica Tarlov, Tomi Lahren.
Busy night. Stay with us.
All right. Here with legal reaction to tonight's breaking news of this rampant, apparent FISA surveillance abuse and the targeting of then candidate and then President-elect Trump.
Salem nationally syndicated host Larry Elder and Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett.
Don't we know he has other issues, legal issues already?
Why wouldn't that be on destruction of justice?
But they also did it to let her stay in the race.
And then you have this whole other group of people that want an insurance policy in case he wins.
Then you have the surveillance of an opposition party candidate and then president-elect. Compare it to Watergate?
Larry, put on your legal hat tonight. Your analysis of what we're learning tonight?
This is an island show right now, but I've got to believe that the media can't ignore this for much longer. You have a primary fixed. You have the email server. We know felonies were committed. It's incontrovertible. No ambiguity.
So, that's a fix in by Comey and Strzok for Hillary. This dossier was designed to manipulate, lie to and use Russian lies paid for by Hillary to rig that election.
So, the most important thing tonight more than anything is let's get this in the hands of the American people, Larry Elder.
They need to read this with the corroboration as well.
Yes.
This now put -- you know, I couldn't understand for the longest time, I know the media is corrupt. Ninety percent of their coverage we learned is anti-Trump.
But this is bigger than that. This is why I use the Watergate analogy. It's about a third rate burglary --
-- and then a cover-up and the burglary was designed to try to get information on opposing presidential candidate so can you help win the election, right? In an election that was going to be won anyway.
In this case, we've got literally the powerful tools of intelligence, weaponized and FISA warrants weaponized against one candidate, an opposition candidate with lies from the other candidate that she paid for and then it goes further -- to get the warrant and then beyond that.
All right. Thank you both.
We're covering two big other stories tonight. The verdict is still out as to whether or not we're headed for a government shutdown. Plus, President Trump gave a big speech in Pennsylvania today. Here with all the details Fox News chief national correspondent, this is such a slow news day, Ed Henry.
All right. Busy day as you know. Thank you.
Also today in Pennsylvania the President reminded the country that his position on securing the southern border was not changed one bit. Take a look.
Here with reaction is the co-host of "The Five" and the host of "Watters World," it's his world we live in it, how do you do it.
I busted up my knuckles, you know hitting the heavy bag. All right. Jesse Watters and Fox News contributor Jessica Tarlov is with us.
This is Hannity's world now. Just for a few moments. Just give us a little space. All right. We are really talking about political footballs using the dreamers here. This is one month extending and the -- either give us everything we want. We don't have control of the house or senate or we're going to shut down the government.
What?
OK. 51, 49 is not exactly the big comfortable margin that you would want.
Ok. So the point is they are using --
As a political football, because they can't get what they want.
Children in their 20's and 30's but also they want chain migration to continue and they want their families to be able to come. That is what they are asking for.
Who said the alligator? The moat.
That is the thing. Five years ago, every major Democrat sounded like Donald Trump today. Five years ago they wanted to build the wall. Now it's racist and horrible and we're killing the children. Why -- how do you get away with that hypocrisy, not you, Schumer and all the rest of them, Durbin?
What are you calling him?
What in this media I plugged every night on this program.
No. They wanted 700 plus miles of wall five years ago.
That is a lot of people.
I sat through a security briefing with Governor Rick Perry. I have been down to the border 12 times. Rio Grande, San Diego, drug warehouses, helicopter, horseback, all-terrain vehicles, boats, you name it. I was is there went with them. Also saw tunnels. I was in tunnels that were dug. The amount of drugs is insane. More importantly when I sat through the security briefing, 642,000 Texans were victims of crimes by illegal immigrants in the seven and a half year period of time. Now, wait a minute, do you care about them?
Why don't we put the American people first and as President Trump said we will put a door inside the wall.
I didn't say gold. Platinum works.
642,000.
Hang on.
Brilliant line in this world. We are living in it?
I don't have a world.
That is true 9 to 10:00. You have got that Watters this is my world.
All right. Thank you both.
I don't care if the government shuts down, by the way, because all essential employees work. Everyone is going to get their checks. The military keeps working.
Hang on, and all those people who get their free vacation we will end up paying them back pay, like we always do. Good to see you. Tomi Lahren next.
America is back. We have numbers to prove it that was the President's speech from earlier today in Pennsylvania. Joining us with reaction Fox News contributor Tomi Lahren. Let me ask you a little bit, OK? 2.2 million new jobs since the election. We have Chrysler moving from Mexico to Michigan that is huge. And then, of course, we have Carrier and all these other companies. Then we have got massive tax cuts, which is going to benefit 90 plus percent of Americans. We got rid of all those regulation, 20 regulations gone for every new one. We have unemployment at 18-year low. Applications for unemployment, are at 45 year low, black unemployment the lowest ever reported, female unemployment the lowest in 17 years, Hispanic unemployment the lowest ever recorded. That is like a half a century unemployment. The DOW at 26,000 nearly $8 trillion in new wealth to the economy. I don't invest a whole lot into it. Apple returns to America with a massive $350-million-dollar investment and many other companies. How could the media totally ignore this, Tomi Lahren?
Like every election. Republican are racist, sexist, Islamophobic, and Homophobic. You can't really argue a whole lot with success. My opinion, all the noise we hear won't matter when people are back to work out of poverty, off of food stamps and the country now prospering and we are safe and secure.
West Hollywood, California?
So the President comes out with this fake news media award last night, but then you are watching the media and they are trashing his doctor, the guy that is also a doctor for Barack Obama and George W. Bush. They are angry, because the President is in excellent health. How is anybody to interpret that other than this is nothing this man can do they will never like.
He got a 30 out of 30 on the cognitive test.
Should we add Dr. Liberal Joe Scarborough and Dr. Mica. I want to see how they do on that test.
So you are obviously in the younger generation. Do you see younger people now liking what's happening, maybe people Winston Churchill, 29 liberal don't have a part. 40 conservative you don't have a brain. Do you see a change now?
Got to roll. Thanks, Tomi. We will see you next week. Video of the day and Hannity hotline next.
All right the video of the day took place on the Columbia River in Oregon where a GO-Pro camera captured a dramatic potentially deadly scene, you have to see this to believe it. Take a look.
Unbelievable, thank god nobody was seriously injured during that collision. The driver of the boat is facing multiple charges as he or she should. Time for the messages you left on the Hannity hotline, I can't wait. My favorite part of the show.
I'm sorry, I don't care about my knot, and I don't care. Anyway, whatever you have to say, call us 877-225-8587. All right we will always be fair and balance, never be the destroy-Trump media as always thanks for being with us. Let not your heart be trouble, busy news night. Laura Ingraham take it away.
Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 200  ***************************************************
 But first, after seven years of promises, the GOP in the Senate has failed to deliver for you, the American people, and blame now falls at the feet of a handful of Republican senators. Tonight, we will be naming names in our very important "Opening Monologue."
Senate Republicans -- they suffered a major setback earlier today as they tried to rid you, the American people, of the burden that is ObamaCare. Now, there's still time for Republicans to get something done. We will have an update here from Washington later in the program.
But first, Republican lawmakers -- they failed to move forward on a clean repeal of ObamaCare. Now, keep in mind, back in 2015 -- this is the same bill. Barack Obama was the president. The Senate voted and passed a similar bill. They sent it to Obama's desk, where he eventually vetoed that. So apparently, all of that was for just show, and all the talk, all the rhetoric we have heard over and over again for seven years was just that, empty talk, rhetoric. It meant absolutely nothing.
Now, these senators -- Susan Collins of Maine, West Virginia's Shelley Moore Capito, John McCain of Arizona, Rob Portman of Ohio, Lamar Alexander, Tennessee, Lisa Murkowski, Alaska, Dean Heller, Nevada. Now, these senators have put Republican advantages in Congress now in jeopardy. And that means the president may not be able to enact the agenda that you voted for in November.
Now, if Democrats in 2018 -- if they end up taking control of Congress, it's these Republicans we're naming that will be to blame. They inexcusably -- they broke a vow that they made to you, a very important vow. And these Republicans, they -- to me, they have no credibility left. They had their chance. They blew it. And frankly, they are the epitome of the Washington, D.C., sewer and swamp from which I'm broadcasting tonight.
Now, also, our other top story, very important. We have very serious questions being raised following the arrest of Democratic Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz's IT staffer. Imran Awan is his name. Now, this staffer has been charged with bank fraud, was apprehended while trying to board a flight on his way to Pakistan after supposedly he has sent money over there.
Now, authorities have also been investigating Awan for allegedly double billing House Democrats for computer equipment, and there's are fears about possible email hacking and exposing House Democrats' information on line.
Now, here's where it gets extremely troubling. Awan and several of his relatives -- they have worked for congressional Democrats for years, and he's reportedly -- well, they've earned between $2 million and $4 million - - by the way, more than some, you know, chiefs of staff in Washington. And earlier this year, when news of the overbilling scandal broke, well, several Democratic lawmakers rightly fired Awan and his relatives and he was denied access to House servers. But as Fox News has been reporting, Debbie Wasserman Schultz -- she kept him on her payroll until he was arrested just two days ago.
So tonight, we have to ask why would Wasserman Schultz do that? Why keep paying someone who's being investigated for very potentially very serious crimes? Why keep someone around who's suspected of putting government information at risk? Now, at this point, it's not adding up.
And then there's this important point. Earlier this week, the DailyCaller reported the FBI has seized two smashed -- sound familiar? -- hard drives from the staffer's home. Now, the staffer's lawyer now disputes this report, but it raises very serious questions if, in fact, the drives were smashed.
And finally, there has been months of Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz stonewalling, even threatening a law enforcement official. Fox News is reporting that Wasserman Schultz is now starting to finally cooperate and will finally give investigators access to that laptop. And according to the DailyCaller, it was used by Imran Awan himself. Now -- and it was found hidden in a congressional office building.
This is all suspicious. This is very different from what Wasserman Schultz did back in May. Remember? She threatened the chief of the U.S. Capitol for holding evidence in this investigation. Watch this.
Such anger! Such intensity. Pretty shocking.
So what was Congresswoman Wasserman Schultz attempting to do there? Did she really just want her equipment back, or was she trying to interfere with an investigation? Did she have something to hide? Now, it certainly sounds a lot like the latter.
Now, just like all the other scandals we have been reporting and, of course, the establishment fake news destroy Trump media has been ignoring, we are demanding Congress, the Department of Justice, tonight look into this IT staffer scandal and Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz and her role in all of this. It needs to be investigated. It's beyond troubling.
And when it comes to this investigation, why are Democrats always given a pass for obstruction? You know, even destroying evidence again and again. For example, with all the talk about Russia and Trump and the campaign and collusion and the Trump campaign and Russia, Russia, Russia -- all right, Hillary Clinton -- I don't know anybody in the Trump campaign or the Trump administration that deleted 33,000 emails, used acid wash or BleachBit to delete these things. Remember also, Hillary had her aide, remember, smashing a hammer BlackBerrys and iPhones and her lawyers turning over mobile devices to the FBI. Oh, but they didn't have the SIM card. So they were rendered meaningless to the FBI.
There is a massive double standard that's playing out here because there's no evidence the Trump campaign did anything like this! They didn't delete 33,000 emails. They didn't destroy phones with hammers. And they didn't turn over devices without SIM cards. Remember, all of these things were under subpoena.
It's exactly why we have now for weeks been calling out this stunning hypocrisy and demanding the proper investigations. Remember, Republicans have control over the committees. They can demand people be put under oath.
Also tonight, we have an update on possible Ukrainian election interference. Congress is now finally starting asking questions we've been talking about in terms of what happened with what Politico described as a former DNC operative meeting with Ukrainian officials at the Ukrainian embassy in Washington and also possibly sharing that information with the DNC and the Clinton campaign, and they were trying to influence the election! Sounds like collusion.
In a statement to Fox News, the lawyers for this alleged DNC operative, Alexandra Chalupa, denied wrongdoing. OK, let's see.
Joining us now, author of the number one New York Times best-selling book, now eight weeks on the list, "Understanding Trump," former speaker of the House, FOX News contributor Newt Gingrich.
All right, let's start -- and A lot of news tonight. Before I get to the corruption issue, look, they -- especially the people that had voted for full repeal in 2015 -- are they holding -- do they get to hold the entire Republican Party hostage for their promises.
All right, so that we do have the attorney and -- and this came in earlier today from our own James Rosen, the former IT aide to Wasserman Schultz and other Democratic lawmakers who was arrested, you know, going on to say in a telephone interview that he had purchased his flight ticket weeks ago, and after securing assurances from the assistant U.S. attorney that the government had no objections to placing restrictions on traveling abroad and -- when you hear that -- once again, we're talking about potentially smashed hard drives, and then you got deleted e-mails, BleachBit e-mails...
All right, you know, I think the Republicans right now are a visionless party. I really do. I think they're a party without an identity because if they really had an identity, wouldn't they have been pushing a health savings accounts and health care cooperatives and what the rule solutions are to health care?
Should every Republican...
Should every Republican around the country tonight feel disappointed, let down, betrayed? Are those fair descriptions, accurate adjectives for them?
All right, we'll take a break. We'll have more with Newt Gingrich. I won't -- I have a lot more questions about Debbie Wasserman Schultz.
And later tonight, we'll continue with new White House comms director Anthony Scaramucci. He's already started combating the deep state. We'll get his take straight ahead.
That was the president on offense last night, bypassing the fake news media, taking his message directly to the American people.
We continue with former speaker of the House, FOX News contributor, author of the now eight weeks in a row best-seller, "Understanding Trump." Congratulations, Mr. Speaker.
All right, let me -- I have a hard time understanding something. And maybe I'm just a simple guy. I think if I was under subpoena to hand over e- mails that end up having classified, top secret, special access program information on a secret server, if I deleted 33,000 of them and some of them were in that category, I think I'd be in trouble. If they subpoenaed my BlackBerry and iPhones and I smashed them with a hammer, a lot of them, I think I'd be in trouble. If I acid washed my computer with BleachBit, I think I'd be in trouble. If I made a deal and gave 20 percent of America's uranium and ends up people involved in the deal were (ph) -- kicked back $145 million to me, I think I'd be in trouble. How come nothing ever happens to these case and then -- you know, compare that to what you see with Wasserman Schultz.
Listen, I believe the Republicans have an obligation to call in all -- Loretta Lynch, James Comey, even Robert Mueller at this point because of all the conflicts of interest and the people that he's hiring. And then I bring in Hillary Clinton and John Podesta and Chalupa and Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Robby Mook if we're going to bring in Jared and Don, Junior.
But there's also the attorney general. I know the president was frustrated by recusal. Is it possible we don't know what the attorney general is doing because he's keeping it private?
Do you believe that the things that I'm looking for -- if we're going to -- if we've going to have equal justice under the law, Mr. Speaker, and they're going to call in Jared and they're going to call in Don, Junior, over a non-issue as far as I'm concerned and they're not going to do it on Ukraine, they're not going to do it on Uranium One, they're not going to do it about all the other issues and lies and obstruction issues that we're talking about -- that's unfair. So the House Republicans have a responsibility, and you're confident the attorney general will get to all of that.
I'm -- I think we're moving the ball forward. Mr. Speaker, thanks for being with us. We really appreciate it.
Up next, new White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci -- he's here to talk about how he's putting an end to White House leaks, the health care situation, and much more.
That was the president earlier today speaking to the American Legion Boys and Auxiliary Girls. Unfortunately, the president's efforts to make this country greater than ever before is under siege from a wave of leaks selectively started the very moment he took office. According to a report from the Senate Homeland Security Committee, during the first 126 days of the Trump administration, there were confirmed 125 leaks. Also, Fox News has confirmed that the attorney general, Jeff Sessions, is now planning to step up the investigation on these leaks. And earlier tonight, I spoke with the White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci.
Anthony, welcome to "Hannity." Good to see you, sir.
Everything is good. We've known each other a long time. We had talked privately about these selective leaks and where they're coming from. I know there's a little tension with the president with the attorney general. Tell us the status of that, and what you make of the attorney general now going after these leaks? It's one of a few issues I am hopeful that he will get on if we're going to have equal justice under the law.
A lot of people that have been working very closely on all of these issues, especially the leaks from what we call the deep state, they are telling me there's going to be a lot of people associated with the last administration. And we know for a fact that a lot of the leaks we believe are coming from the Obama administration, some of the holdovers, and that some of the top position people in the last administration are the ones directly involved in all of this. Is it your goal to get to the bottom of that as you have told your staff, if they leak, they are out?
You have been very confident and outspoken that the attorney general, in spite of some of the president's tweets, I know he's upset about the recusal issue. I actually agree with the president fully on that. But you are confident that that will all work out between the attorney general and the president?
All right, Anthony, when we come back, there was a very funny "Daily Show" piece on you. We're going to play it next and get your reaction to that. We'll talk about health care. Also later, a group of Republican lawmakers are now pushing into the probes we have been asking for, including James Comey and how he handled the Clinton email investigation. One of those lawmakers, the head of the Freedom Caucus, the chairman, Mark Meadows will join us straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity," as we continue with White House Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci. Did you see "The Daily Show" piece that shows you and the president, same gestures, back and forth from the podium?
All right, let's play it for our audience.
Let me play it for the audience.
That was one of their best pieces ever, except when Jon Stewart had the Jersey Boys do a segment on me, please Hannity stay, when I said I was going to leave New York.
All right, a lot of conservatives, myself included, I know the Senate is moving onto slowly piecemeal repealing parts of Obamacare. It's not what they promised. It's not what we wanted. I will take anything at this point because Obamacare is a disaster. Where is the president now after what happened today and when we have so many votes coming up?
How confident, because I think one of the most important parts of the president plan beyond ending Obama era regulations, certainly the Supreme Court was huge, and he's been working on the regulations. I do believe energy, jobs, middle class tax cuts, the corporate tax cuts, repatriation money, and of course then later tax reform, do you anticipate difficulty with the Republican Party that has been so slow and frankly lacking vision and identity?
We need the tax plan.
Anthony Scaramucci, congratulations on your new job, and all the best.
All right, when we come back, a group of Republican lawmakers, they are calling for a new probe into James Comey's handling of the Clinton server scandal. Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows will join us next to explain why. Don't go away.
And welcome back to "Hannity" as we continue from the sewer and the swamp of Washington, D.C.
Now, for weeks right here on this program I have been calling for lawmakers and the DOJ to do their jobs and look at the scandals that are going unnoticed by the mainstream, destroy-Trump, establishment media. Now a group of GOP lawmakers, finally they are pushing for a probe into James Comey's handling of the Clinton server scandal.
Joining us now from Washington, someone who has been briefed on the legislation, Freedom Caucus Chairman, frankly, the only guys I trust in D.C. right now, the Freedom Caucus, Mark Meadows. All right, this is great. Tell us about Comey. Will you also include Loretta Lynch and Hillary Clinton and Ukraine and a Uranium One? I have a pretty long list right now.
So all of these things that I have been talking about, during the election every day I've decided to talk about people in poverty, on food stamps, out of the labor force that can't buy homes. Now I think every day until Congress does its job and they have control of the committees and they do the investigations, especially in light of how Democrats are treating the Trump administration, that we've got to have equal justice under the law. I'm calling on them to do their job on all of those cases. Will all of that happen? And Republicans should. They are in charge, right?
I remember the day when health care failed in the House, we had a long conversation that Friday and we talked at length that weekend. And you told me that it will work out, and it did work out in the House. A lot of work, I know you were up to your eyeballs in making that happen. We saw what happened in the Senate today. You have all these members who voted for repeal in 2015, didn't vote for it today. I know they are talking about the skinny repeal and then going to conference. What are your thoughts on where this ultimately ends up?
I've got to run. Thank you, sir, for being with us.
When we come back, my friend, Diamond and Silk, they get the final word tonight. That's straight ahead. You don't want to miss this.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So our friends, the Republican duo Diamond and Silk, once again they have the final word tonight. Take a look at their message to the destroy-Trump media. You're going to love this.
You got to love them.
That's all the time we have left. This is it. I am headed back to New York. I'm leaving the swamp and the sewer. Thank you for being with us. We'll see you back here tomorrow night. This show will always be fair and balanced.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 201  ***************************************************
 I want to go through some of the details tonight, pay very close attention here. Now, this family of -- the Steinle family have been waiting more than two years for this justice. Now, Kate Steinle, she was arm in arm with her father on that pier. Here you have a guy, homeless at the time, claimed he found the gun with a piece of cloth under his swivel chair at a pier. And then he says he picked it up. He accidentally fired it. It ricocheted and hit Kate Steinle in the back.
Well, we know a lot more about Mr. Zarate. And that is in fact because he had little experience with his guns, is what his attorney was saying. But we did find out some other facts tonight. For example, he had been requested by the federal government that in fact he be -- that he be handed over to federal authorities. They didn't do it. The reasonable they didn't do it is because of the sanctuary city laws that are in San Francisco. The same laws now that have been adopted by the governor of California, Jerry Brown, in this particular case. You look at his track record, you look at all of the deportations, you look at all of the felony convictions.
Tonight, America has to ask a very important question. Tell us, tell us what good comes out of a sanctuary city law? People that never respected our laws and our sovereignty come into this country again and again and again and again. Six times after being deported? After all of those felonies? And an American, young woman is killed with her father walking on a pier in San Francisco?
We're going to have a lot more. Michelle Malkin joins us in a minute.
Now, with the tax vote in the Senate looming, many are wondering tonight what tax reform could mean for their bottom-line. Here are the statistics. As of now -- this is important to every forgotten man and woman that voted in this election -- this bill increases the minimum deduction to $12,000 for individuals. Twenty four thousand dollars for joint filers. It ends the individual mandate penalty under ObamaCare -- thank goodness. It removes the alternative minimum tax. Additionally, the top marginal rate will be lowered -- not enough in my mind -- 38.5 percent.
Perhaps the most crucial part of this bill could be in the dramatic reduction in the corporate tax rates from one of the highest at 35 percent in the world to just 20 percent. And of course, the 10 percent tax on repatriation for multinational corporations, foreign cash. That means trillions potentially coming into this country and factories and manufacturing centers being built for the forgotten men and women in poverty, out of work.
Now the question is, what does this mean for you? Here's some examples the mainstream media will not show you. According to estimates, a middle income family of four at around $70,000 in earnings, they can receive up to an estimate 60 percent tax cut. A single parent with around $40,000 in earnings will likely see at least a 50 percent reduction in their taxes. This is real money in hardworking Americans' pockets. No, the bill is not perfect -- I would have preferred dramatic across the board cuts like in the Reagan era -- but it is an important starting point. Lowering the corporate rate, spurring economic growth, for decades hopefully to come.
Listen to the gloom and doom of Democrats. This bill will destroy the middle class and end America as we know it. Watch the petty display of predictable class warfare from earlier today.
You have to remember, for almost a decade those same people you see bashing this tax reduction, this tax reform, are the same politicians that gave us the, quote, "economic wisdom" of Barack Obama. But you know, what about these Democrats? What they're not going to tell you is this. What happened under the Obama economy? They'll never tell you how bad it is.
We told you during the last election, under Obama, the slowest economic recovery from a recession since the 40s. Eleven million more Americans on food stamps. Eight million more in poverty. A homeownership rate at its lowest in 51 years. Fifty million Americans in poverty, an increase as I said of eight million. And get this, Obama, the only president in history of this country never to reach three percent GDP growth in the country.
Meanwhile, since President Trump was elected, third quarter GDP just yesterday, was revised upward, 3.3 percent. The highest rate in three years. In October, 261,000 jobs were created. Nearly two million now since President Trump was elected. Unemployment, a 17-year low. Consumer confidence, 17-year high. Median existing home prices for all housing types in October, 2017, up 8.7 percent since January. The stock market today another record, all-time record.
Based on that alone, who do you trust? The Obama sycophants that gave us this failed policies? Their cohorts in the liberal media? Their friends on the left side of the aisle? They want this bill to fail when they failed all of us for eight years? Or what about this president that has literally put confidence in the heart of American corporations by getting rid of Obama regulations and red tape.
We now have seen what economic growth could mean and what an economic turnaround could be. This bill must pass. Our economic future depends on it. We're going to discuss the tax bill also later on in the show. And also bring you a vote. In fact, we'll update you any votes that happened in the Senate throughout the night.
Now, we turn our attention also to the ongoing nightmare that is NBC News today. It is been one day since "Today" show host Matt Lauer was abruptly fired. Now multiple women have come forward with shocking allegations of sexual misconduct and abuse against the longtime morning host. Some of these allegations include exposing himself to a staffer, demanding that she perform a sex act. Giving an adult toy as a present along with a note suggesting that it would be used in front of him. And one instance where Lauer summoned a married staffer to his office where he had sex with her until she passes out? And then Lauer reportedly took the woman to see a nurse?
Earlier today, Matt Lauer has issued an apology with a caveat stating that some of the allegations are, quote, "untrue or mischaracterized." Now, more damning tapes also surfaced indicating that Lauer's misconduct was going on for a long while and may have been an open secret at the Peacock Network.
Take a look at this clip from Lauer's former co-host Meredith Vieira where she talks about his in office, bag of sex toys. Watch this.
Also this clip, Matt Lauer with an awkward interview with Anne Hathaway where he obsesses over a, quote, "wardrobe malfunction." Let's take a look.
And earlier today, a reporter from "Variety" told CNN that Matt Lauer's behavior was well-known by NBC employees. Take a look.
OK. What did the folks at NBC know, when did they know it? NBC News Chairman Andy Lack is, quote, "deeply saddened" by this turn of events." But are Lauer's actions really a turn of events or just business as usual for the embattled former morning host?
And then there is the current fake news CNN chief Jeff Zucker, he served as the head of NBC News during many of Lauer's allegations of misconduct. Zucker is now saying that, quote, "I didn't know this Matt." So was Zucker in the dark or did he turn a blind eye?
These allegations against Matt Lauer, they needed to be investigated fully, but if true, those who knew about this and possibly enabled this behavior should be called out.
Now, with allegations abounding, well, all of the stress at NBC News seems to be getting to crazy liberal Joe Scarborough, especially after Trump made this accusation in a tweet. "So now that Matt Lauer is gone, when will the fake news practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin," he runs MSNBC, the conspiracy network, "and will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the 'unsolved mystery' that took place in Florida years ago. Investigate."
Well, earlier today, liberal Joe had a complete mental and emotional breakdown on national television. Watch.
I know for a fact that's not true. By the way, now we have doctor liberal Joe. He's diagnosing on television in the morning.
Now instead of worrying about a nuclear holocaust with North Korea, maybe liberal Joe, maybe you should worry about getting his emotions in check and not letting this obsessive compulsive nonstop hatred of President Trump send him over the edge?
Joe, you need help. There's a lot more in terms of serious news that you should be covering. By the way, no one should worry that liberal Joe and his allegations by the way and his friends in the Democratic Party. Oh maybe Joe you should be asking questions about that. Because the Senate Ethics Committee has now opened a preliminary inquiry to the groping allegations against Senator Al Franken.
Now, this comes after yet another woman, an Army veteran, has come forward to accuse Franken of groping her during a USO tour in '03. And while Franken faces even more allegations, his colleagues in the House, well, John Conyers in particular, he's now facing growing calls to resign after multiple sexual harassment allegations and accusations involving a taxpayer funded settlement. Even his long time defender, Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, she has miraculously now done a complete 180. Today she's now calling for Conyers to step down. Watch this.
Remember, this comes less than a week after Nancy Pelosi defended Conyers, called him an icon, talked about due process. I guess now she suddenly remembered that she considers herself a champion for women's rights.
And meanwhile, John Conyers who is now hospitalized with stress-induced symptoms apparently, is remaining defiant. He's still denying the allegations. Earlier today, his lawyer fired back at Pelosi. Watch this.
We'll have more on these Democratic scandals that are plaguing them later tonight in the show.
But first, we have a lot more in our top story. Kate Steinle's killer found not guilty. Now walking free. Kate Steinle killed back in July of 2015, walking arm and arm with her father on a pier in San Francisco. Shot and killed by an illegal immigrant, Jose Garcia Zarate. This man had seven prior felony convictions, four involving narcotics. He was facing his six deportation at the time he shot and killed this innocent woman. The illegal immigrants said, he accidentally killed her. He said it was an accident that the bullet ricocheted off the concrete and hit Kate Steinle. His lawyers says he found the gun just moments before he shot her. And it gets worse. He says his client had never fired a gun before and got scared after it went off. What did he do? He threw it off the pier and they found it the next day.
And as I said at the top of the show, sanctuary cities tonight, those that support them, they are to blame for the death of Kate Steinle.
With reaction now, host of "Michelle Malkin Investigates" Michelle Malkin. You look at all of this in detail. All of this years. This guy, six deportations he was facing. The federal government said to San Francisco turn this guy over. And they refused to obey the law.
He spent much of his life, adult life behind bars. Six times, as I said he's going to be taken out. He actually said once he had aimed at a sea animal. He said another time that it fired when he stepped on it. I've been a pistol marksman since I am 11 years old. Guns do not go off by themselves. There can be accidental shootings. A sea animal. And then you changed your story here. There is a word for that. That is called lying.
They're not being close to being the same story.
All right. Michelle Malkin. The federal government had requested and thank you for your time tonight.
Requested that when he was released from the San Francisco jail that he be handed over to the federal government. The sanctuary city laws prevented them from doing that. This was his sixth -- to be his sixth deportation. How do you get back in the country? Because of wide open borders. He spent 46 months in jail. The Feds requested that he be handed over so he can be deported again.
And in the process, an innocent woman is dead. Huge breaking news tonight. We have a lot to cover. We'll have a live report from San Francisco on Kate Steinle's killer being set free. More on the looming show down on Capitol Hill, the latest from NBC with Matt Lauer. Stay with us.
Tonight heart breaking news for the family of Kate Steinle. The illegal immigrant responsible for Kate's death was found not guilty of murder, not guilty of involuntary manslaughter by a jury earlier tonight.
Here on the ground in San Francisco, with us with the very latest is Claudia Cowan. Claudia, one of the things that just stands out at me more than anything else, he said he was aiming at a sea animal. And then he claimed later that he stepped on it.
All right. Claudia, thank you. And the system did fail the Steinle family.
Joining us now with more, Salem radio nationally syndicated host Larry Elder, former secret service agent Dan Bongino.
The idea that he could say, Dan Bongino, that he was aiming -- the words "aiming" at a sea animal in this particular case a seal, it appears, and been out in San Francisco. And then say, he stepped on it. Could that --
This -- can this firearm go off by stepping on it? I understand the trigger is actually one that you really have to pull.
Yes.
And because our borders are so wide open, he could come back in all these times. It speaks volumes. I say that those sanctuary laws and our weak borders killed this poor woman.
Yes. Let me go if I can back to Dan and talk about this. Does this impact the DACA debate, impact the need, the necessity the President ran so hard on building a wall, building a wall. Now we have plans in the process of being made. In other words, blueprints for what the wall will be. Does this finally motivate congress to secure the borders so that somebody can't come back six separate times?
I agree with what Dan said. A seven-time convicted felon. Sixth deportation this was going to be. I ask everybody watching TV tonight, put yourself in the place of this young woman or the parents, or the family, or the friends of this young woman that was -- her life was gone and we had every opportunity to make sure this convicted felon didn't come back in. But we didn't secure our borders and the system failed by allowing him not to be handed over to the federal government that requested him based on what the law of the land is.
Thank you both for being with us. This system failed, this young woman failed her family. Our thoughts and prayers. I'd be devastated. Everybody should be devastated. Think if it was your family. When we come back, Tomi Lahren, Dana Loesch, Jessica Tarlov, bringing in on the outrageous verdict in San Francisco. Also, we get White House reaction from Ed Henry. Tomorrow morning, watch Kellyanne Conway, she is on "Fox and Friends" reacting to the Steinle verdict. More on Hannity when we continue.
Fox News alert. Illegal immigrant Jose Garcia Zarate found not guilty in the 2015 shooting death of Kate Steinle. He was wanted for his sixth deportation. He shot Steinle on a pier in San Francisco before then running and tossing the gun into the bay, running from the scene of the crime. Earlier today, his lawyer sounded off on the President. This is outrageous. Watch this.
Joining us, Radio talk show host with Radio America and author Dana Loesch, also Fox news contributor Tomi Lahren, Jessica Tarlov. Here is a fact. Six times, there will be sixth deportation. They wouldn't hand him over to the federal government who requested to hand this man over. Did this sanctuary city law kill Kate Steinle?
Could you say without sanctuary cities in all likelihood Kate Steinle would be alive tonight.
Would she be alive tonight?
SI there something wrong with borders are so porous that a man can sneak back in a sixth or seventh time?
Do you want to build the border wall?
Ineffective, tell that to Bb. Netanyahu. Netanyahu swear it has changed Israel. I have seen it.
Walls work.
Let's me go to Tomi Lahren. Tomi, your thoughts.
Dana, like you, I've been firing -- I've been using firearms since I'm young. He said he was aiming this at a sea animal. And then it became I stepped on it. Then it ricocheted and hit Kate Steinle in the back. This particular six hour, it's not one that I fired. I was wondering if you have.
The system failed on so many different levels. If I'm President Trump tonight, I'm saying no federal dollars to any or state like California. You said you agree. Sanctuary City law was in existence, this girl would likely be alive tonight. Why should the federal government give a penny to any city that doesn't want to obey the laws of this country?
If they don't, we shouldn't give them federal dollars. If I'm President Trump, I'm saying not a dime to these cities.
Too bad. If you allow criminals, felons --
I won't hold my breath. That is not going to bring back cat Steinle.
Let me go to Tomi.
Liberals do all the time.
I have to let you go. Sad night. Thoughts and prayers with this family. The system failed this family and this young girl. Ed Henry next from the capitol and will give us an update on three big stories. Also later, the war on the Trump women has reached an incredible unbelievable new law. Ivanka Trump, the first lady, Melania Trump, they're owed major apologies. I'll explain.
All right. Ed Henry following three big stories from the capitol tonight as we get to other news. Ed, what's going on?
Sounds like Kim Jong-un doesn't want to be obliterated, which would have to happen. Not a lot of good options there. Ed Henry thanks for being with us. Joining us with more reaction, White House senior adviser, for strategic communications Mercedes Schlapp. Mercedes, when you look at the 60 plus percent of Americans that will see a reduction of taxes -- and by the way, because I live in a liberal state like New York, I am not one of them. But state local taxes no longer deductible but really all this years, states like Florida, Texas, and no state income tax have been subsidizing these big spending, big taxing liberal states like California and New York, right?
I have to imagine the President that ran so strongly on the issue on securing our borders and sanctuary city -- by the way, Kate's law was passed in the house. One of the many bills that haven't been taken up in the senate, about 300 of them. I hope this tax bill becomes a wave of work now and maybe a sense of urgency by McConnell and company. I ask you this. I can only imagine, this is only going to fuel the desire of this country to protect innocent people here. They requested the turnover. He was in custody. Open borders allowed him back in every time.
So scary.
Everybody should think about that.
I got to let you go, congrats on your new position, by the way we appreciate it. When we come back, the media stoops to a new low attacking Melania, Ivanka Trump. Wait till you see this. It's outrageous.
Before we go tonight, I have to highlight just how the media is yet again stooping to new lows in their attacks against the Trump family and in particular, Ivanka Trump, the first lady, Melania Trump. Let me explain. The White House early this week. They released a photo of the first lady, Melania Trump, decorating the White House for Christmas. Instead of complimenting how beautiful everything looked and the effort that was put in, what does the far left hate Trump media do? They attack the first lady.
Look at this. The Daily Beast, "Step Inside Melania Trump's Nightmare Before Christmas." These people are vicious. And then the media goes after Ivanka Trump. Check out this social media headline. From Newsweek, "Ivanka Trump Plagiarizes One Of Her Own Speeches In India." You dopes, you can't plagiarize herself, your own speech. You know how many speeches? I give the same jokes and a lot of them. I plagiarized myself. You people are so dumb. We will never be fake news, destroy Trump, we're fair and balanced. Laura Ingraham with her baby pictures standing by. Did you bring it?
All right. I am so angry over tragedy, how the system failed the family.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 202  ***************************************************
 All right, Steve, we'll be checking in all throughout the night.
We now go to Rick Leventhal. He is in Daytona Beach, Florida. Rick, calm before the storm.
All right, Rick, you stay safe, as well, my friend. Thank you.
Adam Housley -- he is in Key Largo, Florida. Adam, what's going on there?
All right. Thanks a lot, Adam. I checked in with my friend, the sheriff in Lee County and him and his deputies in Carmine (ph) -- they all were getting ready very, very early in the game, getting homeless people off the street as early as two days ago. So it seems like the state was -- was beyond prepared. The governor really got the word out, and it seems like everybody did the right thing, and those that were asked to leave, left, right?
All right, last question. They were having problems, and the governor rightly reached out to neighboring states to lift their different regulations as it relates to getting gasoline and fuel into the state, as well as replenishing and stocking the stores that literally were empty at one point. Did all of -- did the stores get restocked? Did the gas get in so the people could get out?
All right, Adam, stay safe, my friend. We'll be watching all weekend long.
Bryan Llenas -- he's live in Miami tonight. Really, we're talking about right at the heart of where we expect this is going to hit. That along with the southwestern coast, Naples, Ft. Myers, and of course, the eastern side of Florida and the whole state, of course, will be engulfed by this. What's going on there, Bryan?
Hey, Bryan, I hope these people will heed that warning. We're looking at the lights on behind you. Are you certain people are still in there, or maybe some just left the lights on?
All right, thanks so much, Bryan.
All right, Adam, let's talk about the exact -- where is the direct hit? My second home is in Naples, Florida. I have a lot of friends there, Collier County, Lee County. I have a lot of friends in Miami. Where's the direct hit if you had to guess now, based on the latest models?
One more question. The whole state as we can see is engulfed here. And I know this is a question because a lot of friends of mine live in Florida. And they're wondering. OK, if they move inland, how much safer -- because you watch, the whole state is covered here. If they move inland, how far inland do you think they have to go? Obviously, they won't have to worry about flooding, but there'll still be high winds. There'll still be the real effects and impact of a hurricane, but they'll be safer inland, correct?
All right, thanks so much, Adam. We appreciate it.
Joining us now, Fox News chief national correspondent Ed Henry. He joins us from FEMA headquarters in Washington. I had the governor and I had Pam Bondi -- she'll join us later tonight right here -- on my radio show this week. And one of the things that I really like with Texas, it seems like the federal government has been coordinating from the get-go here. And I was told by sources in the White House they have prepositioned food, water, medicine, cots, blankets, supplies, everything that they'll need, and four Navy ships.
"Mad dog" Mattis, the defense secretary, has put off shore ready to come in behind the storm to help our friends in Florida that obviously are going to need a lot of assistance. What else can you tell us, Ed?
All right, Ed Henry, you know, I'm often critical of big government. And it's nice to occasionally see government get their act together and the coordination with state, local, federal government both in Texas, now in the lead-up to this huge storm is going to take over and engulf the entire state of Florida. It's actually refreshing.
Our thoughts and prayers remain with those people. Glad to see they're on the job.
All right, we have a lot more coming up tonight, more breaking news coverage on Hurricane Irma that is now set to slam Florida. When we come back, Joe Bastardi, our meteorologist, Florida's attorney general, Pam Bondi, and much more as we continue our coverage.
This is a "Fox News Alert." Hurricane Irma is headed toward Florida and is now expected to turn back into a Category 5 hurricane before it slams into the Sunshine State.
Joining us now is Florida attorney general Pam Bondi. You know, Pam, we're both conservatives. We've seen devastation when things aren't handled right locally in the case of Katrina. But between Texas -- and I've got to give props to you and the governor and state and local officials and the White House and FEMA -- everybody seems to be prepositioned, prepared. The governor has been telling people for days now to evacuate.
You have been working with other states to get gas necessary for the people to evacuate. Also food and supplies have been brought in expeditiously. Tell us what's going on down there. How prepared is the state?
You know, I -- Pam...
I spoke to -- I heard this earlier today. Now, we've got to give credit where credit is due. I know the CEO of Home Depot and he called you early in the week and said, how can I...
-- What can we do?
JetBlue was giving flights out of Florida for $99 and then other airlines...
-- to their credit, followed suit, as well.
But you said 7,700. They were selling, like, cases of water that would normally go for 3, 4 or 5 bucks for, like, $30 and $40. And you have to crack down on them eventually, right?
Yes.
I do want to...
While you did have those, it really is amazing. I mean, times like this, you see people come together. We saw it in Texas. We're seeing it now in Florida. The warnings have now been going out for days and days. If you're coastal, if you're in southern Florida, get out of the way.
Protect your lives protect your families. But it is nice to see these companies, these corporations and the government, you know, use the information, satellite technology, meteorology -- that information to protect people's lives. So a lot of good so far that we've seen this week and the coordination between, federal, state, local officials seems to be superb at this point.
Do you feel everything's prepositioned coming in after the storm to help all these Floridians out that are going to need that help?
That's important to know. You still have time.
Well, good for you, Pam. And listen, our thoughts and prayers with all our friends and our neighbors down in...
-- Florida. This is a big one. One of the other great stories I heard and you told me earlier that the airlines were also allowing people to bring their pets for free.
I know I could never leave my pets behind. I know you have a big dog, so...
The dog's 300 pounds! I've never seen a dog that big.
I don't know how you get that...
It would take up all of JetBlue itself. It's the biggest dog I've seen. All right, Pam.
Thank you for what you're doing. My best to you and the governor and all the people of Florida.
Two nuclear power plants -- this is scary. They are in the direct path of this massive storm. Nine million people may lose power.
Joining us now, Florida Power and Light company vice president, chief of communications, Rob Gould, is with us. When you go back to the last hurricane, there was a lot of damage to the nuclear site. And I guess my main question is, this is such an important issue. How safe are those sites? Are they able to sustain 160-mile-per-hour winds and more and they're on the coast?
So what I read hurricane Andrew did create a lot of damage. You are saying that there wasn't a lot of money spent as a result of that hurricane?
All right, so we are really hoping in that particular case. You do expect people will lose power, I assume?
All right, thank you, sir. We wish you the best. We are all praying for that power plant to stay safe, as you said. More on the latest massive category four hurricane Irma.
And this is a Fox News alert. Category four, maybe soon to be five, hurricane Irma hammering Cuba. It is now forecasted to strengthen to a cat five super storm before it slams into the state of Florida. Joining me now, my friend, meteorologist Weatherbell.com, our friend Joe Bastardi. Joe, you have FEMA chief, the mayor of Miami Beach, get out now. This is a devastating nuclear hurricane. 5.6 million of our friends in Florida now have been evacuated. The whole state in engulfed. Walk us through what will happen, where it's going to land, and where it goes from there?
What happened in Barbuda? We've seen a little bit of the absolute power of this hurricane. You are saying it will come out weakened, but by the time it reaches you are saying somewhere between Miami and Fort Myers and Naples area, which happens to be my second home, I have a lot of friends there, a lot of friends in Lee and Collier County. OK, walk us through, how does that also impact the east coast? How does that impact Palm, West Palm Beach, et cetera? Let's talk about central Florida, Orlando. Let's talk about the wind speeds in Tampa, the wind speeds in Jacksonville. Then let's go to Savannah through Atlanta up into the Carolinas and what you expect in all these cities. Walk us through the entire path of this storm.
My friend, Sheriff Mike Scott and my buddy Carmine who works for the sheriff down in Lee County, you are saying 160, 170, maybe 180 miles an hour in Naples, Bonita Springs, Fort Myers?
If you are on the shore in Naples, Florida -- if you were near the shore in Naples you'd be out? And Fort Myers?
All right, Joe, thank you so much. We always love your historic references. You always talk about with the same conditions there's a history that a lot of times these storms follow. You nailed this from the beginning as you did Texas. It helps people out a lot, saves lives. Thank you, sir.
When we come back, we're going to talk to the mayor of Fort Myers. You just heard Joe Bastardi, that city in a direct path along with Naples, Bonita Springs, when we come back.
And this is a FOX News alert. Hurricane Irma bearing down on the island of Cuba as we now speak and is headed towards the great state of Florida. Now on the phone, Florida's Gulf coast, we have the mayor of Fort Myers, Florida, Randall Henderson Jr. is with us. Mr. Mayor, thank you for being with us. You know I am a part-time resident of southwest Florida. I've so many friends down there. You just heard Joe Bastardi, 160, 170, potentially 180. Naples, Fort Myers, Bonita Springs, beyond serious. Are you confident that you've been able to evacuate and all the neighboring towns have evacuated?
I have so many friends down there, Mr. Mayor, it's disheartening. As the governor of Florida has been saying, we can replace property. We cannot replace human lives. I know the sheriff of Lee County and I know the people in Collier County. I know the people in Fort Myers. Is it now mandatory evacuation?
You know Mike Scott and Carmine there, too? By the way, don't hang out with them. They are really big trouble. No, I'm kidding. They're really dear friends. But the great news is, Mr. Mayor, and you know I am a big critic of government, but I've been watching now for days the governor, the attorney general, people like yourself, people like Sheriff Scott and Carmine and all these people who for days have been working on this. The people have been listening. I've got to give people credit. You always have these weather warriors that think they are going to tough it out. This is not the one to tough out, is it?
All right, Mr. Mayor, I will be down there soon as I can. My thoughts and prayers for all my friends down there. They are neighbors of mine, and a lot of love for the whole state. Thank you for being with us.
When we come back, we will have more breaking coverage of hurricane Irma as it now closes in on the state of Florida and will be engulfing the entire state. We go back to our reporters on the ground next.
This is a FOX News alert. Hurricane Irma battering Cuba as we speak, now projected to turn into a category five storm before it will make a direct strike on the state of Florida, engulfing the entire state. Joining me now in Key Largo, Florida, our own Adam Housley. Adam, are the people ready, prepared from your position?
Stay safe Adam Housley, thanks so much.
As the governor, Governor Scott has said, get out now. You do still have time. If you're watching this program, don't play with your lives. It's too important.
Joining us now at Miami shores, Florida, our own Steve Harrigan. Steve, what's the latest there?
All right, last question. Did people, for example, where they able to replenish the grocery stores and Home Depot, and was gasoline brought in on time to take care of everybody?
And you've been down there many times during these hurricanes. You know how powerful they were. We saw you nearly getting blown away in hurricane Harvey, and Texas. This is a state app that the governor has set up. If you need gasoline, food, water, supplies, it tells you exactly where to go.
When we come back, we will have more on hurricane Irma about to hit Florida, next.
Unfortunately for the evening, that's all the time we have left. I want to say this to all our friends and neighbors, fellow Americans in Florida, our thoughts, our prayers are with you. Please be smart. The governor says you still have time to evacuate. Be smart. Stay safe. And stay with the FOX News Channel. Continuing coverage all weekend, hurricane Irma. We'll see you back on Monday. Jon Scott, my friend, is next. See you Monday.

show#: 203  ***************************************************
 Why did Obama not do anything about this? Now, the president is making an excellent point. And by the way, he's not the only official who's calling out Barack Obama for failing to act. Remember, he had this information in August of 2016. Now the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, Congressman Adam Schiff, he's also slamming the former president. Hard to believe, but watch this.
That's correct, we the people needed to know. So the real question tonight is, if President Obama knew what Russia was doing back in August of 2016, why didn't he act?
Now, remember, Democrats have been claiming the Russia interference, which, for the record, didn't change actual vote tallies according to every top government official who's testified, but they're saying it was so egregious that it threatened the very foundation of this country.Well, if that's the case, why did Obama stay silent?
The answer we now know is simple. According to a report, the president didn't do any investigation because he actually thought Hillary was going to win. In other words, let me translate here. The only reason Russia interference in the story is a big deal is because Donald Trump won. Now, that's what the special counsel needs to be investigating tonight, real collusion, Obama this time defending Hillary, colluding so she'd win and not rocking the boat.
And by the way, that's why everyone should be freaking out about right now, and they are. Now, we need to know what did President Obama know, when did he know it, and maybe he could come and clear up some serious questions. After all, it was Obama who promised to be more flexible with Vladimir. Remember this with Medvedev? "I'll have more flexibility after the election."
Then tonight, there's actual crimes and actual felonies being committed. Well, we know Hillary Clinton -- the evidence is overwhelming and incontrovertible as it relates to her e-mail server. Democrats, the destroy Trump media for months -- well, they've accused President Trump of breaking the law without any evidence, without any proof.
Now, meanwhile, we have evidence of real crimes, and it's right in front of their faces and has been for a long time. Hillary Clinton broke the law by mishandling top secret, classified, special access program information on her email server that she put in a mom and pop shop bathroom closet. James Comey said Clinton was, quote, "extremely careless," which is -- essentially, that's the same thing as what the law calls for, gross negligence.
And then, of course, we have obstruction of justice. Democrats, they've been claiming, well, President Trump tried to interfere in the Russia investigation, which once again, no proof, none. And as we now found out, the real obstructor of justice appears to be the former Attorney General Loretta Lynch. Her actions have become such a problem that now a group of bipartisan senators announced late last week they are now going to do their job and investigate the former Obama attorney general for potentially influencing the investigation into Hillary's email server.
And by the way, here's why. We know last summer, Lynch met on a tarmac, remember how inappropriate that meeting for 40 minutes with Bill Clinton was just days before former FBI Director James Comey announced that he was giving Hillary a free pass after basically 13 minutes of a stinging indictment.
And while testifying before Congress, Comey also revealed that Lynch told him to call the investigation a "matter," which, by the way, is how Clinton's own campaign wanted it referred to.
And finally, remember Circa News, they broke the massive story a couple of weeks ago about how it was James Comey who confronted Lynch over potentially putting the entire kibosh on any Clinton indictment! In other words, the fix was in. This Lynch scandal, by the way, is now getting so bad that even Democrats are admitting this is now a problem, which we've been telling you about for a long time.
Lynch now needs to be put under oath to testify. Why? Because you, the American people, deserve to know the truth.
And as for the real Russia conspiracy, it doesn't have anything to do President Trump. It now deals with this important information that we know, the Uranium One deal. In other words, secretary of state, then-secretary of state Hillary Clinton. Remember? She signed off on giving 20 percent of America's uranium, the foundational material for nuclear weapons, to Vladimir Putin and the Russians.
By the way, a lot of people involved in that deal, they were kicking back huge millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation. And her husband was doubling his speaking fees in Moscow.
Now, Democrats, the destroy Trump media want to talk about collusion, let's have the conversation, let's do it. Because the real collusion going on is between the disgruntled former FBI Director James Comey, also the special counsel Robert Mueller. Comey admitted that the reason he had a friend leak the memo to The New York Times is he wanted a special counsel. And guess what? Mueller, his BFF, was appointed. And Comey and Mueller's relationship is a massive conflict of interest!
Now, on top of that, members of Mueller's investigative team -- let's see. They've donated huge bucks to Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton.
By the way, Mueller is even so corrupt, he went as far as to actually hire one of the lawyers that had done legal work for the Clinton Foundation to prevent you, the public, from getting Freedom of Information Act requests, and by the way, help defend in this particular case.
All of these reasons are exactly why Mueller needs to step down, resign the special counsel witch hunt, end it, and by the way, and also the politically motivated so- called investigation once and for all.
Also tonight, we have an explosive report from The New York Post. Here's the headline. Quote, "Sketchy firm behind Trump dossier is stalling investigators." And The Post explains that the firm behind the dossier, which is called Fusion GPS, they're refusing to respond to requests from the Senate Judiciary Committee about that fake document which has helped fuel and even begin the phony Russia conspiracy theories. And the congressional sources tell The Post that a firm has a pro-Hillary Clinton, anti-Trump agenda. Oh, interesting. Remember, that's the dossier that talked about Trump at Ritz-Carlton in Moscow with two prostitutes urinating on his bed?
There's also this fact, that according to reports, the FBI, James Comey at the time, offered to pay the person who created the fake dossier $50,000! Now, the FBI's previously told Fox News that it denied making any payments.
Now, the Trump-Russia collusion investigation has been turned now completely on its head. We shouldn't be surprised if Democrats -- if they start now -- well, maybe we ought to let this all come to an end because now they've opened the door for their own investigations and real trouble. We call it the boomerang effect.
Joining us now, author of the number one New York Times best-selling book "Understanding Trump," former speaker of the House, FOX News contributor Newt Gingrich.
Let's start with Comey wanting to pay the guy that came up with the phony dossier! Let's start there -- 50 grand.
You can't make it up!
You can't!
Oh, we got that, too.
All right, but here's...
All right, is...
The evidence -- we know...
You know, Mr. Speaker, I kind of feel in many ways, we've been -- and you've been included in this and you've been an enormous help with great analysis -- we've almost been a sole voice here of sanity in the media, and we pointed out Hillary's -- the evidence, overwhelmingly incontrovertible. We saw a problem with the tarmac and Loretta Lynch and investigation versus mission and then the Circa story. And then he saw the unhealthy conflicts with Comey and Mueller.
Let's start with Comey and Mueller. Does this investigation now need to be wrapped up? And how does he justify hiring the biggest donors to the Democrats and also Hillary's lawyer?
Not one.
That I see.
Mr. Speaker, is it now time because the Democrats have pushed so hard and we know -- I have no doubt Hillary committed felonies. Now that they've pushed so hard, if we believe in justice and equal justice under the law, doesn't she now need to be fully and completely investigated, both on the foundation pay-to-play and on the e-mail server, where we know and Comey pretty much himself admitted she committed felonies?
That's not enough.
OK.
And this is the most important...
What about what we learned, that...
Obama knew in August of 2016 and chose to do nothing -- Because he thought -- he didn't want to rock the boat...
... that Hillary had this.
Exactly. Doesn't it seem that the only reason that he did nothing was for political reasons because he knew that she was on a path to victory, which...
Absolutely.
Absolutely. Under oath.
Unbelievable.
All right, sir. Good to see you. Congrats on number one New York Times. We appreciate it.
When we come back, the great one, Mark Levin, rare television appearance. We'll ask him about the Trump-Russia collusion hysteria, the boomerang effect. He's got a brand-new book out that talks about our framers and founders and those that inspired them.
And later, Jay Sekulow weighs in on this huge win on the Supreme Court to hear oral arguments about the president's travel ban, temporary travel ban, a huge win for the president.
Then an important mini monologue. Tonight, I will expose which network forced to eat crow yet again, posting a fake, phony on-line story about Russia. That and much more straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So as we explained in tonight's "Opening Monologue," the Obama administration -- they knew about Russia's possible election interference. They did nothing.
And over the weekend, President Trump -- he weighed in on the issue. He tweeted out, quote, "The reason that President Obama did nothing about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Hillary Clinton would win and he didn't want to rock the boat. He didn't choke, he colluded or obstructed. And it did the Democrats and crooked Hillary no good."
Joining us now with reaction, the author of the brand-new book -- it's part of a series -- unbelievable information about our framers and founders and the great philosophers that inspired them -- "Rediscovering Americanism and the Tyranny of Progressivism," the great one, Mark Levin.
Before we get into specifics, Mark, I want to stay on this issue for just a second. Eleven months, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia. Turns out there's no evidence of any collusion. Obama was notified in August of 2016. He didn't want to rock the boat because he thought Hillary had it in the bag. Now, with this knowledge, what should we take from that?
You know...
Yes, Mark, you're right. I mean, what happened to General Flynn was a crime, a violation of the Espionage Act. I've talked a lot and at length about unmasking, surveillance and leaking of raw intel. Then we have Hillary. You know, it's incontrovertible, the evidence she committed crimes here. And if you want a real Russian collusion story, it's the Uranium One deal where he she gave 20 percent of America's uranium to Putin and she got kickbacks...
... to the foundations.
And Loretta Lynch.
You know, we have a shared belief. I call it, there's a silent coup going on in this country and these forces aligning against the president. You have your own way of saying it, Mark. And we've got these real problems.
We also both agree that America's at a tipping point. We better get it right now. And what they're doing to destroy this man is unprecedented in history.
And this goes to the heart of your book, is that one of the things I love about your books is, number one, your passion for the Constitution, our country, for our framers, founders. But not only that, those that inspired them come shining through. They all warned about deep state. They all warned about the size and scope of government.
Explain how that fits into the narrative you're advancing in this book.
Yes. All right...
Well said, the great one, Mark Levin, right after the break.
Also tonight, the Supreme Court delivers President Trump a huge victory today, agreeing to hear oral arguments about the travel ban. And parts of the ban will, in fact, be reinstated. Tonight, we get reaction from Jay Sekulow.
Also tonight, you -- we will tell you the one network that had to eat their words because they published yet another fake news story about a Trump associate and Russia. We'll explain in tonight's mini monologue you don't want to miss straight ahead.
As we continue tonight on "Hannity," we continue with the great one, Mark Levin, author of the brand new book "Rediscovering Americanism and the Tyranny of Progressivism." You know, Mark, I was listening to you in the last segment, you were talking about the need for the intellectual foundation, founders, framers, constitution, and even beyond that those that inspired these guys.
You know, I look at President Trump, and here is a guy that, you know, frankly, practical, commonsense, instinctive knowledge that big government is oppressive and wrong, regulations are burdensome, it's hurting the American people, millions more in poverty and food stamps and out of the labor force. Doubling our debt is dumb. Top down health care is stupid. And he has all of that instinctively. And look at how those forces that support the opposite of what you're explaining in this book react to him trying to drain that swamp and get back to those founding principles, perhaps without the intellectual foundation that maybe you have, but, frankly you're one of the few people that really do.
The deep state.
Let me ask you this, Mark. If you are talking to the present and you said how do we defeat these forces that are selectively leaking, the corruption that is against him, what specific advice you give him based on your research here?
I'm with you, Mark. I'm sick and tired of them. They have no urgency, no fight.
How many states are on board?
No.
Mark, always good to see you, my friend. That's what we call you "the great one." Thank you.
And coming up, another big win today for the president and his administration. Supreme Court reinstating, yes, the president's temporary travel ban. We will also hear oral arguments about the issue in the fall. Jay Sekulow weighs in next.
And later tonight, this is important, one of the major purveyors of fake news, conspiracy news in this country over the weekend forced to eat crow after published a story about a Trump associate and Russia. Guess what, it wasn't true, like so many others. A very important mini monologue straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." A huge win for President Trump and his administration. Today the U.S. Supreme Court decided they will hear the case and will reinstate parts of the ban. The president reacted in a statement, writing, quote, "Today's unanimous Supreme Court decision is a clear victory for our national security. It allows the travel suspension for these six terror prone countries and the refugee suspension to become largely effective. As president, I cannot allow people into our country who want to do us harm."
Here with reaction, the chief counsel for the American Center for Law and Justice, also attorney for the president, is Jay Sekulow. This is huge. How do people even argue that if you come from a country that has terror ties, terror training ties, or perhaps believes Sharia law, which is the antithesis of our constitution, that you have a right in here without any questions of all?
And judge shopping doesn't work.
We have to talk, Jay, Ok, so President Obama knew in August the Russians were trying to have an impact on our election. By the way, it does explain why the Democrats did not want the DHS or the FBI looking at their computers because they put the fix in and rigged the election for Hillary in the primaries. But he knew since August and he did nothing because Hillary was going to win and he didn't want to rock the boat? It looks like we have got a real Russian conspiracy now, Jay, that we never had before.
This special counsel has to go.
For the Democrats, their chickens coming home to roost. Good job. We will have you back. Appreciate it.
When we come back, OK, a very important mini monologue. Which network, OK, a Hillary colluding network, had to eat crow this weekend yet again for a fake story published about a Trump associate and Russia? A very important mini monologue straight ahead
Welcome back to "Hannity." So for months we have been telling you how that destroy-Trump media will do anything in their power to take down this president, this administration. Time after time the professional Trump haters over Clinton News Network, they have been proving my point, including over the weekend, for Clinton News Network once again published a demonstrably false Russia collusion story that they now have been once again forced to completely retract. There's a major credibility crisis at CNN, and it starts at the top with the fake news chief, Jeff Zucker. That's tonight's mini monologue.
Last Thursday, CNN published a story alleging that longtime Trump ally, personal friend of mine, by the way, Anthony Scaramucci, was being investigated for colluding with the Russians through dealings with a Russian investment fund. But 24 hours later, the story was completely debunked. CNN was forced to issue this embarrassing retraction, quote, "That story did not meet CNN's editorial standards and has been retracted. Links to the story have been disabled. CNN apologizes to Mr. Scaramucci." Jeff Zucker must be so proud.
But the problem is this is only the latest example of very fake news coming from CNN. On June the 16th, CNN again forced to delete a tweet, issue a correction after implying only Democrats prayed at the Congressional baseball game prior to the opening pitch. And on June 15th, CNN senior White House correspondent, somebody who is becoming unhinged like liberal Joe, Jim Acosta tweeted and deleted a fake claim that President Trump didn't visit Congressman Scalise in the hospital following the Congressional baseball shooting, which was tragic and a lie.
And that's not all. Earlier this month, CNN actually had to rewrite a story that incorrectly predicted James Comey would refute certain statements from President Trump during his testimony. It didn't happen.
Now all of these are just recent examples from this month alone. Take a look at some of the many conspiracy theories that are being pushed on a regular basis on CNN, and the downright vicious, nasty coverage of the administration that takes place at night after night, day after day on air. Watch this.
Way beyond unbelievable.
So why is CNN's president Jeff Zucker allowing this culture of biased, anti-Trump, fake news to thrive at his network? Now, as the Harvard educated New York elitist so enraged with the election of President Trump that he's now committed to politically using a network to destroy the administration by any means necessary? By the way, Jeff, do you even care that CNN has no credibility left? Do you care?
And coming up, we need your help, a very, very important "Question of the Day." That's straight ahead.
Time for the "Question of the Day." Very important, do you think the Clinton News Network, the rest of the media have a major credibility crisis? When will they be held accountable? We want to hear from you, Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think. That's all the time we have left this evening. We are always fair and balanced on this show. Thanks for being with us. See you tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 204  ***************************************************
 
show#: 205  ***************************************************
 You all happy to see the president? He is coming to see you. All right.
No.
Also on the economy, President Trump is reversing what was a precipitous decline that we witnessed under eight disastrous years of failed Obama policies. President Trump is cutting regulation at an historic rate. We're eliminating 16 for every new regulation enacted. Look what it's done for the energy sector alone. ISIS has been crushed because he has allowed the military to do their job. We are now rebuilding the military.
Let me get the reaction--
How are you?
Welcome to CPAC. They all like free footballs.
Let me start with the year that has been. You were in the White House in the beginning of this. Here you have an incredible turn around in the economy. You know, all in 2016, Dr. Gorka I said to my audience. I said every day and I did it on purpose not to hear myself talk.
I'm a convert by the way. There were times I said oh, please don't tweet that, no, no, no.
When you add all the social media, it's like over 100 --
On Twitter.
They are going to run on I hate Donald Trump.
Wait a minute, FARA matters?
Russia.
Well said.
Dan, it's been and I remember I was here in 2015. When all of this got started up on this stage I interviewed Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio, Rand Paul.
And all these candidates. Here we are we have had a Republican president and turn around in a year I want to ask the same question, no credit given.
And what's even worse is we have been lied to for over a year. There is no evidence of this. But there is evidence of collusion, paying for a Russian dossier. The Uranium One deal is unconscionable.
We're going to talk tonight with the lawyer for the informant that was on the inside. Where are we in terms of an information crisis?
This is the thing that I'm trying to understand here. To me, this is the biggest story that the media has missed in their lifetime. If you have a presidential candidate and we really, we're supposed to care that the Russians are trying to influence the election. And then one candidate pays for Russian lies. And then it's used to get a FISA warrant.
But they don't tell the FISA judge that Hillary Clinton bought and paid for it. There is a footnote that says might have some political tainting. It wasn't political tainting.
So, that happens in October. In January, Comey is telling the president elect it's salacious and unverified. But they are telling a FISA court in October that it's good enough to get a warrant to spy on a member, associate of the campaign.
Higher than 9. I think we are up to 12.
But how does Peter Strzok and Lisa Page still have a job? How is Bruce Ohr still allowed in the building? These are people, I'm sure this audience is aware what they have done.
Did you really? Why?
So you thought I was a little tin foil hattie? Is that what you're saying?
If we have equal justice under the law --
-- there will be people, a lot of them that will go to jail. True or false?
This is important what -- what Dan Bongino is saying here, pay very close attention. I was there when.
This is going to come out.
What has happened to General Flynn is nothing short of a national disgrace.
What they have done to him.
Surveillance, unmasking, no minimization, and then, of course, leaking raw intelligence.
You guys are great patriots. Great to see you at CPAC. We'll catch up.
Give a big hand for these guys. Thank you.
All right. When we come back, Congressman Devin Nunes is willing to subpoena high ranking Obama officials if they don't answer questions about the phony dossier. Byron York, Gregg Jarrett continue from CPAC.
All right. That was the House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes saying he is now going to subpoena former high ranching Obama officials if they do not answer 10 simple questions sent to them about the anti-Trump dossier. Now, according to our own Catherine Herridge now these Obama officials include former FBI Director James Comey, former CIA Director John Brennan, former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and Nunes' questionnaire is part of what he calls stage two of the House Republicans investigation into this phony anti-Trump Hillary bought and paid for dossier.
Now, meanwhile Democratic Congressman Adam Schiff, soon to be MSNBC contributor, he expressed his party's FISA memo will be released this week with reductions after President Trump rightfully blocked it initially because it contains sources and methods and other sensitive information.
And also tonight, ABC News is reporting that congressional investigators are unable to locate an alleged source for the anti-Trump dossier. Really?
Joining us now from 'The Washington Examiner', big warm welcomes from CPAC to Byron York and FOX News legal analyst, our friend Gregg Jarrett is with here with us.
Great to see you guys.
What's really interesting is this has now taken a turn towards Obama. I predicted this was going to happen. A lot of us did. You predicted it and the fact, who knew what, when, and where did the dossier. Who did they share it with?
Most important questions.
Was that because of that final last-minute executive order 12333 that you can now share the intelligence with 16, 17 other agencies?
What about the people we do know it's going to? And it seems that well we now know what happened January 5th. And then 15 days later, Susan Rice is writing a note to self. The last act she does in the White House.
But then he went to Trump tower three months later and lied through his teeth to the president-elect.
That's a better point.
Yes, you're right.
Do you laugh at this hookers at the brinks in Moscow? Is that the funny part?
Let me pick your legal mind and I have got a question for Byron. Legally speaking, who do you see now that is in serious legal jeopardy?
Byron, imagine for just one minute that this is -- let's reverse roles here. This is Donald Trump. Donald Trump pays for a phony Russian dossier. Lied to the American people, manipulate them in the course of a lead up to an election. And then the phony dossier is used to get a FISA warrant to spy on a Clinton campaign associate. Imagine if that is the scenario. Tell us how it would be playing out in the country.
We meaning?
Pretty honest broker in all of this, but by being honest have you isolated yourself on mainstream media colleagues. You are not a partisan. You are not me in terms of somebody everybody knows I have a strong opinion, but you are getting to truth here and that is what I see missing from the media more than anything, a desire to ascertain truth.
Where would you say this is going?
You want Sessions out?
If he appointed that second special counsel would that give you more confidence in him?
He didn't recuse himself from uranium one. Now we saw that is back in play.
So did Bill Clinton.
You guys have done amazing work. Thank you. Big CPAC hand for these guys. All right. When we come back, Sara Carter here with new bombshell report on the new uranium one scandal and attorney for the informant that was within Putin's network in America back in 2009 and beyond as we continue from CPAC. Stay with us.
Welcome back to Hannity. We are live at CPAC 2018. How are you all doing? Having fun, I hope.
Ok. And in 2009. He had infiltrated and discovered that Vladimir Putin had operatives here in America.
Your informant in 2009, long before -- a year and a half later this CFIUS board had approved uranium one sale.
He discovered Putin's operatives in America involved in briberies, kickbacks, extortion, money laundering and racketeering.
OK. America needs uranium, we don't have enough?
Is it fair to say that this informant that knows about Putin's network. Everyone cares about Russia and the media that they're involved in these crimes. They want to get a foot hold in Russia's uranium network, is it fair he is risking his life?
Is it illegal?
Right.
Is it fair that there is an effort now to trash this 30-year CIA, FBI informant who risked his life, because of politics?
Unbelievable.
Let's talk to you guys about. This Sarah, we will start with you. Go ahead.
Let me explain this to the audience, because this gets complicated. Remember, everyone cares about Russian influence and collusion. We have an FBI informant that solve Putin's operatives in the country getting ahold of uranium, we had 18 months' notice and we still gave Putin 20 percent of our uranium anyway.
And the FBI was paying him?
All right. So, pick it up from here. All of this is known. We're supposed to be upset about the Russians influencing our election.
But they got 20 percent of the foundational material.
How much does this source have?
And tapes?
They have them anyway.
Double the speaking fee and looking at Peter Schweitzer's book 145 million kicked back to the Clinton foundation about the people involved in the deal?
Speaking in Russia.
They had control over that -- had a stake in this deal.
This is like unpeeling layers of the onion. All three of you have been phenomenal. Just last quick predictions as John McLaughlin used to say. Will this become bigger than any other scandal we are following?
Bigger.
People go to jailing?
All right. Big hand for these guys. They have done amazing work. When we come back. President Trump has a powerful emotion regarding the mass shootings with students, parents and teachers at the White House. That was earlier today. We will play you the highlights, Tomi Lahren and much more straight ahead.
The President holding a very emotional listening session at the White House earlier today on the issue of school safety mass shootings. Joining us now with reaction Fox News contributor Tomi Lahren is with us turning point USA Founder Charlie Kirk and RNC spokesperson Kayleigh Mcenany is with us.
To me the solution is simple. Is that every school should have a full threat assessment, security assessment, retired, armed, military, retired armed police need to be in the schools to be a front line of defense and many said that tonight.
It has to be both. If we decided Charlie that we wanted every single school in America safe, we could do that we are capable of doing big things.
We sit there around the table is this? It's crazy, right?
It is so easy if we wanted to do, we do it.
Last word, Kayleigh.
Exactly right. I really do. It's great to see three young people and there are so many that are coming to CPAC which opened today and they will be here for the Vice President tomorrow and the President on Friday. You guys are definitely helping the country in ways that you can't even measure now. Thank you all for what you do.
When we come back, more Hannity as we continue from CPAC. We lost reverend Billy Graham today. We'll explain.
All right. Sadly today we lost a true American icon, the reverend Billy Graham. He was called home at the age of 99. Back in 2005 I had the honor, the privilege, I interviewed Reverend Graham while he was holding his final crusade. It almost at 500 of these. And I asked him how he wanted to be remembered. Let's take a look.
After six decades, how do you want people to remember you?
That great, good, and faithful servant went home today. And our thoughts and prayers are with Franklin Graham, the entire Graham family and we really appreciate all he is done to be the conscience of America. We will be back here tomorrow at CPAC. But let not your heart be troubled. Let us give a warm CPAC welcome to Laura Ingraham who is in the comfort of our studio.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 206  ***************************************************
 And I predict he's right. But repealing and replacing "Obama care" is not the only urgent task on the president's agenda. Now, listen to the president earlier tonight reassuring the American people that building the wall on our southern border is not just an empty campaign promise. Watch this.
Is Congress listening? Now, the president also promised to drive out violent cartel-linked gangs and to put an end finally to sanctuary cities once and for all. Take a listen.
Now, the president also spoke about lowering taxes in tonight's speech. Please lower taxes. Please stop burdening us! Watch this.
What a great idea. Let's get Americans back to work, back in the labor force, and of course, out of poverty and off of food stamps. Republicans, what do you stand for?
Now, the president's rally didn't just include plans for the future. He also touted a long list of accomplishments. Now, despite what the left- wing mainstream establishment media is reporting -- well, the president -- he has been very busy the last six months, working on trying to push through his bold agenda despite pretty much zero help from any Democrats, and frankly, weak Republicans.
And here's the president talking about what he has accomplished so far these last six months.
Believe it or not, you're never going to hear that in mainstream media. And what you just heard is only a fraction of what the president has actually accomplished.
Also tonight, in true Trump fashion, the president fought back against his critics, the best part of the speech. Watch this.
Do we really want a president who just acts? Now, tonight, the president sent a very important message that will reverberate across America and into the swamp and sewer that is Washington, D.C., where I am tonight.
And the president's not going to sit idly by and watch Congress fumble his agenda. He's going to take his message again and again directly to you, the American people. It's time to put pressure on lawmakers to finally do their job and get something done.
Here with reaction, author of the book "Putin's Gambit," Fox Business host, our sister network, Lou Dobbs is with us.
You know, every time the president goes directly to the American people, you see the reaction. There is not one iota's difference before the campaign. And every agenda item he has, which helped a lot of these senators and congressmen get elected, is supported by those crowds. What is Washington not getting? What are Republicans not getting?
But Lou, if the Republicans don't do their part -- this is a seven-year promise to replace, replace "Obama care." They needed Mike Pence for the motion to proceed today...
... which doesn't give me a whole lot of confidence that they're going to get this whole thing done or done in a way that they had promised for seven years. And think I think you got an economic plan so we can get Americans...
... out of poverty, off of food stamps...
... back to work and get the border built and funded. And I don't think Congress realizes they will pay the price if they don't get the job done.
Yes. And by the way, a better way...
They -- there's no way for them, and especially after eight years of failure. Lou Dobbs, I know you stayed late for us tonight. As always, thanks you for being with us.
And here now with more reaction to the president's rally in Youngstown, Ohio, we have Fox News contributor Herman Cain. One of the things -- I noticed that Chuck Grassley in the Senate is saying, Wait a minute. If outside interference from a foreign country is a big deal -- Russia, Russia, Russia -- OK, we've got evidence of collusion with Ukraine and influence in the election, as well. Also, we have the Uranium One deal. And then I look at House conservatives. They're pushing for a probe of Comey and Clinton and I know others are talking about Loretta Lynch.
The part of me is torn, Herman Cain, Mr. 999, positive ideas -- it's torn because it's not fair what we've been seeing, but the agenda the president talked about, repeal, replace and schools and borders and listing his accomplishments and Gorsuch -- at the end of the day, I suspect if he succeeds, that will push Republicans over the top in 2018 and 2020. I'm torn what to do.
We learned that in spite of, what, 60 to 68 votes, repeal and replace -- Herman, we're on the radio. We were telling our audience those are showboats because if they really wanted to repeal and replace in those votes, they would have used the constitutional authority and the power of the purse, and they never did it. And the one guy that tried to use it, Ted Cruz, was excoriated by the Republican Party. So we knew they were showboats.
But on repeal and replace now, we learned 100 House Republicans had no intention of keeping that promise. And now you see the Senate just for the motion to proceed needing Mike Pence. This does not bode well, in my mind.
All right, Herman Cain, always good to see you. We appreciate it.
All right, we got...
... a busy breaking news night tonight here. "Hannity" in D.C. In a mini monologue, we will lay out the scandals Congress and the DOJ should be investigating and we'll get reaction, Monica Crowley, Geraldo Rivera.
And also tonight...
President Trump calling out the fake news media at tonight's rally in Ohio. Mercedes Schlapp, Lanny Davis, Larry Elder will join us with reaction.
And tonight, a "Hannity" investigation. An explosive new report by The Hill's John Solomon. It is about the Obama administration's NSA spying and civil liberties violations you need to know about. John Solomon, Sara Carter join us as we continue from the sewer and the swamp that is Washington, D.C.
That was the president at a rally earlier tonight in Ohio. We're going to have reaction that in just a minute.
But first tonight, it is time for Congress in light of Russia, Russia, Russia, and the Justice Department to restore the rule of law in this country, investigate the many massive scandals and felonies that can no longer be ignored. That's the subject of a very important mini-monologue tonight.
So unlike the rest of the destroy Trump media, we on this program -- we have been covering these scandals because you, the American people -- you deserve answers.
Now, right now in this country, sadly, there's a two-tiered justice system and the law is not equally applied to everyone. So tonight, the country needs to make a choice. Do we actually ignore crimes, evidence of wrongdoing or do we pursue the truth, investigate all of these things fully?
Now, the destroy Trump media, some of the Washington political elite -- they are apoplectic about the president criticizing his Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who's a good man, by the way. Here's what the president said earlier today at the White House.
Now, I agree with the president on recusal. And the AG's been doing a very good job implementing the president's agenda, like on the border. There are some things I would like to see our FBI, our Justice Department looking into, stories that you won't see in the establishment media.
We start with the arrest -- have you heard about this? -- earlier today of Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz's IT staffer who was trying to flee this country. The DailyCaller reported earlier this week the FBI found smashed hard drives -- sound familiar? -- at his home. The staffer has now been charged with bank fraud for allegedly double-billing House Democrats for computer equipment, and there is also concern about possible email hacking.
And after months of stonewalling and threatening U.S. Capitol police, well, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, well, now apparently is finally willing to cooperate with investigators. Let's see -- smashed hard drives, not working with federal authorities. What are the Democrats trying to hide here? What does Debbie Wasserman Schultz want you, the American people, not to know here when it comes to smashed hard drives, not working with authorities?
It's hard not to notice a very similar pattern with a lot of Democrats regarding these matters. Remember? Hillary Clinton -- OK, I don't know anybody in the Trump campaign or the Trump administration that deleted 33,000 emails, and just to make sure, they used acid wash or BleachBit to get rid of them. Or her aides smashing mobile devices with a hammer into smithereens, and then Clinton's lawyer giving back the FBI BlackBerrys but they took out the SIM cards, rendering them meaningless. And of course, we know Hillary mishandled secret, top secret, special access program information, classified information by having a private email server which was hacked by up to five foreign intelligence agencies.
Now, if anyone besides Hillary Clinton or Debbie Wasserman Schultz -- if you did any of that, in the case of Hillary, you would be in jail tonight begging me to bring you a cake with a file!
These are prosecutable crimes. But it's just the beginning of what needs to be done by the FBI and by the Justice Department when it comes to the Clintons if we're not going to have a two-tiered justice system. There is real Russia collusion, a real scandal, Uranium One. Are they going to investigate this at the Justice Department, at the FBI?
Remember? Clinton serving secretary of state -- she signed off 20 percent of America's uranium to Vladimir Putin and the Russians. That's the foundational material to nuclear weapons! All while people ended up, you know, giving donations of up to $145 million or more to the Clinton Foundation! And then top it all off during the same time, Bill Clinton doubled his speaking fees in Moscow. That sounds an awful lot like bribery, quid quo pro, pay to play.
Now the next thing. Is the issue of possible Ukrainian election collusion ever going to be investigated? This story broke in Politico in January. The scandal involves a one-time DNC operative, Ukrainian government officials -- wow that sounds like collusion -- working during the campaign. Well, these -- disseminating false information. They wanted to defeat and hurt Donald Trump.
Now this DNC operative finally, six months later -- she denies any wrongdoing. Senator Chuck Grassley, he's not buying it -- of Iowa. He's asking questions. He's writing a letter to the Department of Justice about a possible Foreign Agents Registration Act violation.
Oh, you mean this works in reverse? It's not just the Republicans going after the Trump administration? We're going to have equal justice under the law?
And on top of that, there's also former Obama Attorney General Loretta Lynch potentially obstructing justice. Former FBI director James Comey recently testified that Lynch pressure him to call the investigation into Hillary Clinton's email server a matter instead of what it really was, an investigation. Then there's Lynch's 40-minute tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton just days before Comey's announcement about Clinton.
Now, there's some good news on this issue. We now finally have a group of Republican lawmakers that do believe in equal justice under the law. Jim Jordan and others are calling for Lynch to be investigated.
Then of course, we have the unprecedented and I think the greatest danger to the country, what are deep state leaks, and according to a recent report, 125 deep state leaks likely, of course, illegal, in just 126 days. And the only crime we know committed in this whole Russia-Trump phony collusion story has been the unmasking and the leaking of Lieutenant General Michael Flynn's name to The Washington Post. That is a violation of the Espionage Act and people can be held accountable and put in jail.
And speaking of leaks, well, we know James Comey gave his government memos to a friend to be leaked to The New York Times in the hopes that it would lead to the appointment of a special counsel. And Comey may have also improperly removed government property from the FBI.
And then the political witch hunt that is led by Comey's buddy, special counsel Robert Mueller. Mueller has massive conflicts of interest. He's best friends with Comey, a key witness. Well, that might even be against the law. We'll find out. Mueller just one day before being named special counsel, guess what? He interviewed with President Trump for the FBI job. That's beyond outrageous.
And of course, we can't forget all the members of Mueller's team, the people he's bringing on, have donated thousands of dollars to the Democrats. Oh, and we can't forget even hiring Hillary Clinton's attorney on the Clinton Foundation.
And finally, the fake news dossier, the opposition research firm, Fusion GPS, which has connections to Democrats. According to all these reports, the dossier originally commissioned by a Republican, but eventually, a Clinton ally ended up paying for that. Christopher Steele, former British spy, put together the fake news hit piece that cites Russian government sources and sources that are tied to the Russian government. Should be shocking, right? But it didn't stop Democrats from repeating the false information found in the dossier.
Now, there is some progress on this story, too. We're pressing every day so we have equal justice under the law. Fox News has now learned that the co-founder of Fusion GPS is cooperating with the Senate Judiciary Committee. Finally, a good thing. But you -- you, the American people, deserve complete, thorough investigations into all these scandals, but we can't take our eye off the ball, health care repeal and replace, building the wall, getting the economy going, getting people off of food stamps, back in the labor force, out of poverty. That has to happen simultaneously. If Congress would stop taking vacations, well, maybe they can get these things done.
Here with reaction, Fox News correspondent-at-large Geraldo Rivera, conservative commentator Monica Crowley.
Monica, this is where I was asking her (ph). I'm a little torn. I think the double standard is outrageous, the evidence in all of these cases overwhelming. Republicans are in control of these committees. Why aren't they doing their job there? And why is it so hard to get repeal and replace done at this point?
There is such a fundamental unfairness, Geraldo, in all of this when you lay out the facts, if we believe in the constitution, equal application of the law. And then is a part of me torn. I don't want the double standard to exist. But in my heart I believe if the president accomplishes his agenda that that's the key for the American people to ignore the other noise.
He told me personally five times it wasn't a state or Russia.
WikiLeaks has not been proven wrong in their information in 11 years, not one time.
Geraldo, wait a minute. I think it's deeper than that.
Here's my theory, real quick. My theory is maybe Debbie Wasserman Schultz didn't want to be exposed which is why they smashed the hard drives.
And remember what happened, because she knows she colluded against Bernie Sanders. She knows that the primary was rigged.
Bingo.
Geraldo, I've been talking about this all day and with some important people here today. If you can prove disgruntled Democrats in fact were the leakers and not the Russians, as Julian Assange has said -- believe him, don't believe him, I don't care whether you do or not -- doesn't that blow the whole thing out of the water?
I promise you, this, and look at the similarities to Hillary smashing her devices. By the way, she only wanted one device. No SIM- cards, deleting 33,000, acid washing, BleachBit, these people get away with unbelievable obstruction, which has been my point. And we need equal justice under the law. Thank you both.
All right, up next tonight here on "Hannity" --
The president earlier tonight once again calling out the establishment media bias. Mercedes Schlapp, Lanny Davis, and Larry Elder will join us. And later, NSA spying abuses under the Obama administration, tonight we expose new information. "The Hill's" John Solomon, Sara Carter are coming up on this busy edition from the swamp and the sewer in D.C.
That was the president earlier tonight going after the fake news establishment media during his rally in Ohio earlier. And here with reaction, FOX News contributor Mercedes Schlapp, former special counsel, and I hate to admit it publicly, friend of President Clinton and founder of Trident DMG Lanny Davis, Salem radio talk show host, he's been at the White House all week, right.
To drain the swamp and the sewer?
We're all trying.
He goes public and the whole momentum shifts. It's like all the air is out of the balloon every time he goes to the people and talks issues.
Lanny, we have known each other for a long time. And I've always complimented you that Bill Clinton under as much fire, I really appreciate the fierce loyalty you showed your friend. That to me is an admirable quality. But more importantly, you ended up writing a book about the experience. And I advised more people about your book than you would ever know. Tell the truth, tell it all, tell it early, tell it yourself.
Now, I think some of this Russia, Russia, Russia, got a little extended because not all the information came out.
I don't think he had any meeting himself.
We conservatives are wondering too.
I'm not giving you a free pass. The Democrats, should we be investigating, as Senator Grassley is suggesting, Ukraine and a meeting of a paid DNC operative, and a political report that says that Ukraine was trying to influence our elections for Hillary and that the information was being passed back to the DNC and to Hillary Clinton's campaign.
Because you are not watching the show enough and nor do you read "Politico." You knew about the fact on my radio show today. Stop.
No, a DNC staffer met with the Ukrainian ambassador at the embassy.
I want to go back to I.T. and Wasserman Shultz and this I.T. guy of hers busting up these hard drives, trying to escape out of the country. It sounds like, with all due respect, Lanny, one of his best friends busting up BlackBerries with hammers, deleting emails, BleachBitting them, and everything else that she's done.
You have to defend --
Under subpoena, 33,000 emails deleted, BleachBit used, hang on, Blackberries smashed, and it gets worse and worse. And all of the lying that took place, Lanny. And the Uranium One deal. Is that a Russia collusion story.
And James Comey said there were classified emails on the ones deleted.
Wow.
James Comey said they were classified, some of them.
Yes, he did.
I am on a hard break.
We have an investigation. John Solomon, an explosive report tonight, spying abuses under the Obama administration. Sara Carter -- it's like "Hannity & Colmes" redux. It's unbelievable. We will continue straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." Fox News alert. According to an explosive new report by The Hill's John Solomon, newly declassified memos detail how the National Security Agency and FBI violated your civil liberties during the Obama years. Here on this explosive report from "The Hill" John Solomon, CircaNews.com Sara Carter.
It starts out. I don't think TV has ever seen me with glasses before. The National Security Agency, FBI violated specific civil liberties protections, and during the Obama years improperly searching and disseminating raw intelligence on Americans, failing to promptly delete unauthorized intercepts. This is exactly where we all started together in many ways. Tell us what you got?
Is that threatening to Clapper, because I suspect Brennan and Clapper and Rhodes and Rice and others still have their hands in the deep state?
This is important.
A former NSA whistleblower once told me that every e-mail of every American, every text message, every phone call is metadata stored and recorded. Is that true?
I should have given Sara the first question.
You guys are a team.
And Sara, I have been told by people that I would say no, that in fact everything that comes out against Trump they have already stored on the cloud and it's all out there, and if Trump gains momentum, boom, they leak something else. Is that a conspiracy theory?
When we come back, a very important "Question of the Day." We'll have you guys back soon to talk more about this, straight ahead.
All right, running late. Time for our "Question of the Day." What did you think of the president's rally in Ohio? Does it help him? Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think. Bret Baier live in the studio next door here in the swamp, in the sewer in D.C. We will see you back here from D.C. tomorrow night. Thanks for being with us.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 207  ***************************************************
 We start tonight with breaking news and details about the investigation into this horrific tragic Florida high school shooting. The 19-year-old gunman Nikolas Cruz, he has now confessed to slaughtering 17 innocent people and wounding at least a dozen others.
Cruz is also telling investigators details of the sinister attack. He shot students in the hallway. He fired into five separate classrooms and Cruz also confessed to authorities that he had extra ammunition in his backpack. We're also learning disturbing new details of missed warning signs in what is now one of the worst mass shootings in American history. All of the red flags were there but tragically, Nikolas Cruz was able to commit this heinous act.
The FBI is, in fact, confirming tonight that in September, a YouTube user, with the name Nikolas Cruz spelled the name the same way as the shooter was reported to the bureau for writing, quote: I'm going to be a professional school shooter.
The man who reported the comments said that the FBI visited him the following day but the bureau is saying today that it could not be determined the time, the location, and actual identity of who posted the comment.
Our own Catherine Herridge as she noted earlier today all the FBI would have had to do is trace the IP address which is a routine practice to determine the location of the individual. For some reason, it didn't happen in this case.
The mayor of Broward County is saying that Nikolas Cruz was being treated at a mental health clinic but stop seeking treatment more than a year ago. And authorities are describing his social media post as beyond disturbing.
Just take a look at some of these pictures. You can see the suspect. Is he seen posing with guns and knives and even dead animals. And former classmates of Cruz say he was a loner, he was obsessed with firearms. He liked to show off pictures of all of his weapons.
'The Miami Herald' is reporting that Cruz had been suspended for fighting and having ammunition in his backpack and Cruz was then later expelled for disciplinary reasons and was attending a school in Broward County for at risk students. Cruz also had problems at home. Both parents adopted him and his brother are dead. His mother passed away in November.
The suspect was staying with a friend's family and there were also reports of Nikolas Cruz having ties to a Florida-based white supremacist group. But law enforcement said earlier today that they haven't seen any of those connections. We'll continue to monitor.
What's also very troubling tonight is how students are describing their former classmate. Now, this is what they say about the shooter, Nikolas Cruz. Let's watch.
Just like with other mass shooters, there were signs, there were warnings of mental, social, emotional problems. But all the pieces were never put together to prevent this tragedy from happening. And like with many other shootings and terrorist attacks, Nikolas Cruz was telegraphing his attentions all over social media.
Aside from the obvious fact that anyone that would commit these horrible acts of evil and violence are completely deranged, the one commonality between the gunman and Parkland, Florida to Southerland, Texas, to the church in South Carolina, Sandy Hook, Virginia Tech are mental health issues and mental illness.
During an address to the nation earlier today, the president offered his deepest condolences and highlighted this issue of mental health. Let's take a look.
Profound words from the president saying it's not enough to feel better. It's got to make a difference.
He is also, the president is, planning to visit Parkland, Florida, and offer comfort and support to the community. Details have not yet been finalized.
Also predictably within hours, Democrats, the liberal media, they race as they always do to politicize a tragedy and try to blame, believe it or not, President Trump and Republicans. Let's take a look.
This has happened with Republican administrations, under Democratic administrations. But what you see there is shameful. It's disgusting. But it's not surprising because it's so predictable. It happens every single time there is a shooting.
Hollywood celebrities, they are all so quick to post their hateful messages, of course, aimed at the president, Republicans on Twitter.
Let's start with Chelsea Handler, tweeting, quote: We have to elect candidates not funded by the NRA in November. We have an opportunity to elect candidates who won't allow kids to go to school and get shot. It's disgusting how many times this has happened and Republicans do nothing. You all have blood on your hands.
Bette Midler: Another school shooting. This in Florida. Congrats to the spineless cowards who do nothing to help us end this horrific epidemic in Congress.
And Director Adam McKay posted. Normal person, oh my God, kids are being killed in schools, churches, concerts. Let's do something. Republican congressman, kids are being killed in schools and churches and concerts. Let's not do one single thing, #bloodonyourhands @GOP and @NRA.
Author Stephen King writes: Broward school shooting, there will be prayers from blabbermouth Don, Pence the Grinch and their rightwing cohorts. There will be no call for any sort of sane gun regulations.
Sadly, it is the left's solution every single time this happens. They rush to judgment. They want to point fingers and blame and use all kinds of vicious horrific, rhetoric. It never accomplishes anything.
They shouldn't be what these tragedies are about here. You have people rolling out the same old tired talking points and political arguments. You know, liberals, they start blaming the weapon that the shooter used. In this case an AR-15. But if they want to ban AR-15s and these mad men, they will use something else. We saw that at Virginia Tech where a gunman used a pistol and killed 32 people.
Look, let's get to solutions tonight. I have been in radio for 30 years in my life. This is now my 23rd year at the Fox News Channel. I know all of the talking points. And I know it's all just noise and it's not going to solve the problem.
Here's the simple truth. You're not going to change people's minds with a political debate, especially as it relates to the Second Amendment. I am a strong supporter of the Second Amendment. My mind is not going to be changed.
You know, look, I'm not saying -- I know schools that right now, if you are a parent, there is only one door you are getting, that they do have security at these schools. There is only one door. And even if they know you, I have gone into schools where hi, Mr. Hannity, I need your ID. First thing they would say.
You know, no exception.
I think, Judge, you couldn't say it any better.
All right. We appreciate your insight. We'll be watching you this weekend and you're in for me tomorrow night and people will be watching. Thanks, Judge.
When we come back, President Trump, we have a lot of breaking news, vowing tough action on mental health following the shooting massacre in Florida. Ed Henry has details and so many more angles and introduce you to the heroes from yesterday, straight ahead.
A student describing how her geographer teacher was killed yesterday protecting her and her fellow classmates during the shooting. That's not the only incredible act of heroism we are hearing about tonight.
Joining us now with a lot more is Fox News's Trace Gallagher.
amazing heroism. Thanks, Trace, for that report. We appreciate it.
And earlier this morning, the president delivered a powerful address to the nation and he says he plans to travel to Parkland, Florida in the coming days.
Live from Pompano Beach in Florida with much more, Fox News chief national correspondent, our own Ed Henry -- Ed.
All of it is. Strategically and tactically. Look, my guess, Manny, is you are going to have retired military, retired police or maybe active. I think you can even work in conjunction with local law enforcement to get this done and, again, it would be conceal carry. I think a lot of the students would become friends with these guys over time and Mark is right. We can get a lot of intelligence from them. But strategically, tactically, you surround the perimeter. You have a full threat assessment, security assessment. All -- we know the entry point at any point. And all of this, everybody gets in is known. Nobody that is unknown gets in to that school, period, end of sentence. It seems doable if we choose to do it.
For everybody.
If they are there every day. Look, I was a kid smoking in the bathroom. I got to know the janitors, everybody because they wouldn't rat me out for when I was young and stupid. But, in all seriousness, they are going to get to know these kids. Those kids are going to open up to them and all the things that the kids are saying post the shooting. This guys would heard it earlier. They have the training and knowledge and how to intervene in a situation like that.
All right. Thank you both. If every American demands this in their district, we will have safer schools. 1,000 percent safer. All right. When we come back we have a heated debate. Dan Bongino, Geraldo Rivera who is down in Florida as we continue, stay with us.
All right. Following yesterday's deadly shooting in the Florida. Democrats, members of the media so quick to politicize the tragedy. Take a look.
All right. Joining us now with reaction, Fox News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera. Former secret service agent Dan Bongino. Geraldo last night we got a lot of reaction. This has to end. I share your passion and I know how sincere you are, then you went into AR-15 argument. I don't want this to change into a gun debate, because I think we better transcend it quick. I will never convince you that on the issue of guns and I own AR-15's. You are never going to convince me, so, if we get rid of the AR-15, Virginia tech was the worst shooting in history and that was a pistol. Get rid of the AR-15 and get rid of the pistol. What about securing the schools? What about the retired military, trained, armed, police military guys securing the perimeter a real plan like we have for actresses and actors and politicians?
That didn't help.
It didn't help.
It didn't help.
All right, Dan?
Remember, 32 -- the worse U.S. school shooting, 32 was a pistol. But, let me go back. I think I'm proving a point here. We're not going to convince either side in this debate. You're not going to convince Dan. You're not going to convince me. We're not going to convince you. I think the answer, I will throw it to Dan first, is to protect the schools. Full security markups of every school. Secure perimeters. Entry point's only and armed retired military police. Dan?
Geraldo, at the end of the day, we all agree on that point. And you can't tell me that if we can secure the airport, secure our planes, secure the Oscar's red carpet and everybody else that wants security, that we can't do it for our kids. That is a must. Good to see you both. Appreciate it. If you are a parent, you definitely want to see this next segment. We're going to tell you the warning signs to look for and others if you see it happening, see something, say something that actually happened this time. What should you be looking for, next?
All right. Like so many other horrific mass shootings, Nikolas Cruz displayed pretty disturbing warning signs to classmates and teachers including some behavior so bad he was expelled from school. Joining us is psychiatrist Dr. Daniel Bober is with us. And also radio talk show host Dr. Gina Loudon. Dr. Loudon, we got into this last night, all the signs were there. People.
People, you know, see something, say something. They said something. The FBI was brought in. The evidence was all over social media. The kids had an inkling that something was very wrong with this young man.
I'm not talking about military garb.
Doctor, let me go to you. I heard from everybody there is going to be a lot of grief counseling. But when you have got a kid that you have got to throw out of school, because he has ammunition in his backpack, it would seem in everybody's best interest, and I know some colleges offer this and maybe they have more of the resources to be able to do it, but it seems that schools should be able to intervene in a way to offer the mental health as soon as you see these signs.
I disagree in this sense and I will throw this to Dr. Loudon in the sense that we saw every sign and symptom, social media footprint. What the kids knew about him. Getting expelled from school.
We got to pay attention to the symptoms. Thank you both. We appreciate your insight and you being back with us. We have more Hannity right after this.
The race to politicize such tragedy, it's not new. We have heard all the arguments, this time it is time, we can protect all these students if we truly want to and there are people ready, willing and able to do so. All right. We will have more on this tomorrow night. Thank you so much for being with us. Unfortunately, that is all the time we have left for being with us. The show will always be fair and balanced. We are not the destroy-Trump media. We also hope you set your DVR, you will never miss an episode.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 208  ***************************************************
 Now Tracy will tell her story -- and it's tragic -- later in the program, and what she experienced. And she's part of an ever-growing number of actresses and women calling out this despicable, disgusting toxic culture. Actress Rose McGowan, who is accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual assault, she tweeted Hollywood was, quote, "a rape machine," and that she was blacklisted because she dared to tell the truth.
Now, this culture also extends to the music industry. Kaya Jones, remember her? She's been on the show. Former member of the Pussycat Dolls. She's speaking out tweeting, quote, "My truth. I wasn't in a girl group, I was in a prostitution ring. Oh, and we happen to sing and be famous while everyone who owned us, they made money." Kaya will also join us later in the program.
Now sadly, not everyone is condemning the "casting couch" culture in Hollywood. And in fact, of all people, Woody Allen -- you might remember, he is the actor who married his longtime girlfriend's daughter, the great moral barometer he is -- he told the BBC, quote, "Tragic for poor women that were involved, sad for Harvey that his life is so messed up." Woody Allen had to later clarify those remarks after being called out and then he condemned Weinstein. But what does he really believe?
And then you have the mainstream media, NBC, others, who have helped cover up Weinstein's misdeeds for years. Let us not forget about Democrats, more than happy to take hundreds and hundreds of thousands of dollars in political donations from this movie mogul for decades. And this by the way includes the DNC, which is now taking heat for not donating last cycle's Weinstein's contributions to charity but rather three political groups. They really want that money. No word if the DNC will return or donate all the estimated $300,000 that received from the powerful producer over the years.
And Hillary Clinton, she is up to her eyeballs in this. She's received tens of thousands of dollars from Weinstein, and last week she announced plans to donate that money to charity. What we learned over the weekend, the spokesman for the Clinton Foundation indicated the hundreds of thousands of dollars that Weinstein donated to the Clinton Foundation will not be returned. They spent it.
And meanwhile, Hillary Clinton wants to lecture all of us about the misogyny epidemic in America? How out of touch can Hillary possibly be? Watch this.
She is the same woman that took millions and millions of dollars from countries that systematically abuse women and literally kill gays and lesbians and also literally, you know, go after Christians and Jews. She's trying to distract from the deeds long associated with Weinstein. Now she's trying to -- her and her creepy husband. Watch this. Let's remember where we go here.
Excuse me, Hillary, your husband was basically a groper-in-chief, the entire time we were married to him. And in case you forgot, it's a little refresher, from those women that accused your own husband of sexual harassment, assault and even rape, and you sat silently by and assisted in engaging in character assassination, smears and slanders against those women who bravely spoke out.
Take a look.
He assaulted you?
He touched, grabbed, fondled, and kissed you against your will.
And it is an allegation that is not made by one woman, it's made by multiple women.
And Hillary, you sat silent as your creepy husband went after and abused all of those women and you assisted in the character assassination of all of these women. And we all know by the way, Harvey Weinstein helped finance the defense of your husband's shenanigans. Now Weinstein literally bankrolled Clinton's defense team. Hillary, you had to know. Stop lying. We don't believe that you are a champion of women's rights. We will get back to Hillary in just a minute.
But let's talk about late night host Jimmy Kimmel. Last week, Kimmel lashing out at his critics after they called him out for not shedding a tear, giving another emotional monologue about Harvey Weinstein's victims. And Kimmel said, he was not the, quote, "Moral conscience" of America. Well, this weekend, he doubled down on stupid. Let's watch stupid.
Not good riddance, but riddance. OK, bye-bye. Now, it's clear, Kimmel is going down this same path as Stephen Colbert, wants to be a left wing comedian only.
But Kimmel's attack didn't stop there. During an interview with The New York Times, Kimmel was asked if he thinks his critics are trying to influence what he talks about on his show. This is how Kimmel responded. Quote, "Well, I think some of them are. I think some of them are just trying to get Fox News to hire them as on-air commentators. It's sad. You see people trying to engage me in battle that are just trying to give their careers a boost. I won't be a part of that with the rare exception."
All right, Jimmy. Let's engage over you being a creepy old man trying to get 18-year-old young girls to guess what is in your pants and grabbed what is in your pants with two hands and asked them to kiss it. Jim, you look like a creepy old man. We will show that tape in a second.
Now, meanwhile, this weekend marked the six weeks now of the NFL. And despite Roger Goodell calling for all players to stand, some did not. And reports, according to them, players from four teams did not stand or come out of the tunnel for the national anthem. And the New Orleans Saints did something pretty despicable. According to the local paper, the announcer of the game asked for a moment of silence for a police officer that was killed on Friday. When the players kneeled, the fans didn't react well and they started booing in the stadium. The New Orleans coach said today it was a misunderstanding.
Also over the weekend, Hillary Clinton defended the NFL players who kneeled during the anthem. Watch her.
Now President Trump was asked about Hillary Clinton's remarks and here is what he said.
The president is right. Americans fought, bled and died for this country fighting under that flag and everyone should at least unite and stand for that, for the flag, for the national anthem, in reference of those who did sacrifice for us. And when Hillary Clinton says it's disrespectful to the country, and she is siting, with cop haters. Unfortunately, this controversy is not going away anytime soon. The only thing leaving are the fans and also sponsors.
The man who started all of this, former 49ers quarterback, Colin Kaepernick, he filed a grievance against the NFL saying, NFL owners are blacklisting him. And guess what? Kaepernick is taking a page out of the left-wing playbook and he is actually blaming President Trump. You can't make this up.
Now, Kaepernick's attorney Mark Geragos, I've known him for years, smart attorney. He released a statement on behalf of his client. It reads in part, quote, "If the NFL (as well as all professional sports league) is to remain a meritocracy than principled and peaceful political protests -- which the owners themselves made great theater imitating weeks ago -- should not be punished and athlete should not be denied employment based on partisan political provocation by the Executive Branch of our government."
This is beyond ridiculous. By the way, who is Colin Kaepernick to lecture us? Keep in mind. Kaepernick gave money to a charity that defends a cop killer. Kaepernick wore socks depicting cops as pigs. He openly supported a communist, murdering thug dictator Fidel Castro, but somehow at its President Trump's fault that the NFL doesn't want any part of him?
And also, while Kaepernick did have a great career early in his career, people saw his throwing regressing, his skills diminishing. Also reports from some of his teammates that though he was selfish and arrogant. Remember, football is a team sport. But now Kaepernick wants to force all NFL teams or one NFL team to hire him? That's not how this world works.
And I also want to put something into perspective here. While people are now demanding that Colin Kaepernick gets a job, there are real American heroes that are going under reported. Guess what? According to the FBI, new numbers in 2016 alone, 118 law enforcement officers died in the line of duty, protecting all of us. And over 57,000 were assaulted, protecting us. Those are the people that should be honored while the national anthem is being played along with our brave troops.
Joining us now in reaction, he was a member of the Trump transition team, the Reverend Darrell Scott is with us. And also civil rights attorney Daryl Parks.
Reverend Scott, let me start with you and get your general reaction. For all of her life, Hillary Clinton, all of her life has enabled her husband who had severe problems with women, even accused of rape. And she was part of an effort to smear, slander, besmirch. We are going to get lectured by her on this issue? And she's not even giving the money back to the Clinton Foundation?
She enabled their smearing.
Daryl Parks, let me go to you. If a country that tells women how to dress, won't let them drive or won't let them vote, where marital rape is not a crime, domestic abuse is not a crime, women cannot travel or leave the house without man's permission, gays and lesbians are killed as a matter of law in many of these countries and Christians and Jews were persecuted. My question, Daryl Parks, would you take a penny from countries that abuse human rights like that?
Answer that. That's a yes or no. Oh, you've got to answer.
It is a yes or no. Will you take it or not?
Would you take money from the best charity you work for? I know for example, Pastor Scott has a great charity in Cleveland, that I want to support his charity. OK. Would you take money from a country that abuses women, kills gays and lesbians and persecutes Christians and Jews? Do you want that dirty, filthy money? I don't.
Do you want it. Would you take it?
But would you take it? That would be a concern. Would you take the millions from those countries they are offering it to you?
You wouldn't.
Hillary did, Pastor Scott. That is the point. Millions. And they bought her silence on the abuse of all of these different groups that she claims she has a monopoly on.
Let me play it to you. We have little Jimmy, crazy Uncle Jimmy Kimmel. I want to play this tape. Him doing a show asking girls as young as 18 to use their hands to figure out what is in his pants. And to use their mouths. This is the same guy that feigns, you know, moral superiority and outrage over topics, he didn't have one joke about Weinstein. Let's roll the tape.
Is that Uncle Jimmy creepy?
Yes.
What's that?
All right. We've got to run here. Pastor Scott, I'm going to be at your church.
I'm going to be in Dallas on Sunday morning, Robert Jeffers' church. And then I will be in your church 6:00 on Sunday night. I hear it's getting a lot of play up in Cleveland.
There are better options for God, I'm telling you. He could do better than little Sean Hannity. Trust me. We'll see you then. I look forward to it. And thank you both. When we come back, we have a big announcement about breaking news coming up tonight.
Plus, just how bad is the Casting Couch problem in Hollywood for people that want to be in movies, on TV, and the music industry and others? Two women who have experienced firsthand how awful it is. Well, they will share their stories with you, next.
And welcome back to HANNITY. And so, my opening monologue, I detailed the Casting Couch culture throughout Hollywood, the music business, the TV business. Now in the case of Harvey Weinstein, we have yet another morning from over ten years ago. Nobody paid attention. Here's what Courtney Love said about Weinstein back in 2005.
Recording artist Kaya Jones is also calling out the music industry. Kaya used to be a member of the Pussycat Dolls, she tweeted this weekend. "My truth, I wasn't in a girl group, I was in a prostitution ring. Oh, and we happen to sing and be famous while everyone who owned us made the money. We reached out to the founder of the Pussycat Dolls, Robin Antin and she denies what Kaya Jones was saying.
Here with reaction, recording artist, Kaya Jones. Actress, Tracy Melchior is with us. Kaya, how old were you when you first got into music?
Wow.
And how quickly did the predators begin to move in?
And when you say it's a prostitution ring, those are strong words and people want to understand this.
In other words, you were attacked by those people that had all the power over you and it was on a regular basis?
Yes.
Tracy, I know you spent years and you are on "The Bold and The Beautiful" and many of these successful daytime shows. And you had a horrific time. Why don't you tell us what happened?
And you got raped.
You know, it seems like this, I will ask both of you this. Tracy, we'll start with you. Young girls, maybe before they are 18, around 18. They have dreams. They want to be the music industry. They want to be on television. They want to be in the movie industry.
How common is this? That basically, they are told it's a quid pro quo. You want a movie role. You want to get in the band. You want a chance, you have to go through us first. Tracy.
Was a subtle but obvious though?
And then you get to dinner and what's happening in most cases at dinner? They reveal their true intentions?
Wow!
You wrote a great book, by the way. "Breaking the Perfect 10" about the Ten Commandments and getting your life back. And I thought it was great.
Kaya, how frequent do they play on the ambitions or the dreams of young people, that you have seen in all the years you've been doing this?
All right. Last question.
Are the people that are creepy well known? Does everybody know?
And the political side of it, you know like the Clintons, Hillary Clinton did not say a word about her husband. Now she is lecturing us on all these issues. She takes money from these countries that abused women. Persecute Christians and Jews. And kill gays and lesbians. She will sanctimoniously lecture everyone else and accuse Mitt Romney of misogyny, because he had literally resumes of women he wanted to hire. But she slandered him. Neither one of you deserve that. I am glad you are speaking out. Hopefully this horrible practice stops. We appreciated. Thank you.
When we come back, President Trump has very sharp words for the NFL players disrespecting our flag and later, a big announcement. Big breaking news coming up this week. Will tell you about it. When we come back.
The president was right and that was him, earlier today, slamming NFL players that continue to kneel during our national anthem. Here with reaction, former NFL player in super bowl winner Burgess Owens, also with us the spokesperson for the national association of police athletic activities league as well as the CEO of the Brewer group former NFL player Jack Brewer is with us and also on the legal ide of this we have Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett is with us. Mr. Brewer let me start with you. You are aware that in the NFL, there was a player on the 15th anniversary of 9/11 who wanted to put the date on his cleats. I don't think anyone on TV could see it. 9/11/01, never forget. You know you can't twerk or shoot a fake bow and arrow in the end zone, there plenty of restrictions of free speech and the NFL. You understand that, right?
I am willing to help out and donate to the right charity, considerate inner-City kids.
We can't unite on the men that fought, bled, and died fighting under that flag.
And not respect that. We can't get the square one, Burgess.
And a way, did the NFL and sports in general, really help unite us in this country? Isn't there one area that transcends all race? I remember players after games, they get in the circle, even the refs and they say a prayer together. Which I thought was really cool after you saw the best of the best, most talented athletes. They got along. The fans, there was no was no black and white. No black, white, Hispanic. Just great players and fans that loved talented people.
In that sense, I think we can come up and jack, you might be right on this. And in the end, maybe we will come up with some good solutions otherwise the NFL will be over. People will not go anymore. Colin Kaepernick, Gregg is the guy that supports a charity that supports a cop killer. Cops depicted as pigs on his socks. Supports a murdering thug dictator. He got it started. Now he thinks the league owes him a position. And his lawyer said is it diminished skills or the politics that owners are rejecting?
She is trying to get documents from everybody in the league. Do you have a random ability to do that?
Do you think Jack or Burgess that this is a conspiracy against Colin Kaepernick?
Is there anything wrong with that?
Maybe he needs to experience some demonstration because he needs to take a knee to pray to god.
I will donate money, I will do anything I can do. Especially if we can help the murders in Chicago.
And then we can play ball. And honor our troops and our flag. Coming up next, the President is fulfilling his campaign promises. Totally decimating and dismantling Obama's legacy. Sebastian Gorka, Austan Goolsbee are next. Also, big breaking news coming week. Tick tock, straight ahead.
Steve Bannon over the weekend saying he is going to war with the GOP establishment. We saw it in Alabama. Today President Trump said Bannon has a lot of points, but he is going to try to work with Mitch McConnell in the interim. The author of the best-selling book "defeating Jihad." The make America great again. Coalition chief strategist, the former deputy assistant to the President, Sebastian Gorka and former Obama economic advisor, close friend of "Hannity," Austan Goolsbee is with us.
Austan, I know you're going to like a little of this but your Party has zero vision and when there's no vision or insight, the people perish. We've already perished under Obama. I want to say this, I am with Steve Bannon in this sense. We cannot lose control of the house and senate. If Mitch McConnell cannot do his job, go, get out. Let's not elect people that aren't bold and are going to fight to get the job done. What they did on health care was a disgrace.
There something amazing that is happening. On climate and trade, look what he did last week. On his own on health care, brilliant and is going to help every American. Then you have the benefit of corporations. Buying across state lines.
By the way, your speech was great.
he is dismantling the entire Obama legacy, almost single- handedly. Now, Austan I've got a question for you. What is the Democratic vision for the country? What did they want to do for the country? Give us the top five items. Go.
You mean like Obama did? OK. Two?
Only 13 million more on food stamps. 8 million more on poverty. What number to go?
I am quoting numbers for the eight years of Obama. Keep him accountable.
Oh, grow Obamacare? What's number three?
I actually think it is healthy. I'm going to tell you why. Dr. Gorka, if I think politicians are all governed by fear, I saw a very fearful Mitch McConnell today. I think the reason Corker got out was he knew he was going to get primary. That is why he is now lashing out.
You know one truth and I will say this top Austan, Austan I will give your party credit. You guys sticks together through thick and thin and there is no one person that waivers. Republicans are not like that. When are the other three big visions? Expanding Obamacare? In the economic disaster?
Supporting Democrats -- you just oppose him because they breathe. If he gave every American a million dollars.
But he can't give us the five ideas because (inaudible)
You just lost jobs for the first time in 17 years.
By the way, Austan, you were a part of the foundational team for the Obama economy. How is it that the first President in American history to accumulate more debt than any other President before him combined, A and B never reach one year of his presidency, 3 percent GDP growth and double the debt?
A million new jobs. Wake up, where you living? Chicago, that is why.
Last point Sebastian.
I am in. McConnell, get on board or get out of the way. Up next, a big announcement. You're going to want to hear this. Straight a go ahead.
Two years ago I started working on a very special project, life in Hollywood sucks and they won't make movies we want to see that inspire us. We are very proud of the film called "Let There Be Light" it will be in theaters in 11 days on October 27th. A movie the whole family can enjoy. I think this will move you and to find locations, it's on hannity.com. In theaters near you. Take a quick look.
A life's journey that I hope will inspire you and your family. Hannity.com for theaters near you, now tomorrow night, this is the announcement, 9:00 Eastern. Circuit news Sara Carter, The Hill's John Solomon, huge breaking news, let me put it this way, if I am Hillary or fake news, I will not be sleeping well tonight. See you back here tomorrow night. Steve Hilton is up next.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 209  ***************************************************
 All right. Our exclusive reporting on the DOJ, we can report right now that the missing FBI text messages, we'll tell you about it in a second. This is a game-changing development.
But, first, President Trump is letting the special counsel Robert Mueller know that there is no collusion and he has nothing to hide.
Listen to this.
With his lawyer's approval, that makes sense. But is that the smart play?
It sounds like game on to me. "The Drudge" report tonight has this headline up and it sums it up perfectly. "Trump stairs down Mueller: I'll do it under oath."
Now, Judge Jeanine Pirro, she'll join us later with legal reaction. Now, also tonight, the walls are closing in on those responsible for this massive corruption, abuse of power at the top levels of government and what we are now calling state-sponsored sabotage.
Now, with this flood of news exposing all of this malfeasance, special counsel Robert Mueller and his spokespeople in the media are working overtime. They want to create as many distractions as possible and discredit anybody that is telling the truth, like us on the Fox News Channel, for daring to report on the truth.
Now, to be perfectly clear, for those that don't pay attention, and want to advance the lies and false narratives, we are not and never have been, and never will be talking about rank and file members of the FBI, the DOJ, and the intelligence community. They honor us with their service every day and there is no show on television that has and will continue to support these hardworking people that do such a service to their country.
But the criminal wrongdoing that we're exposing has to do with only a few select Obama administration top bureaucrats who thought that they knew better than you did about who should be your president.
Now, the liberal media has engaged in a total smear campaign. They want to shut people like me and Gregg Jarrett and Sara Carter and John Solomon and Tom Fitton and Victoria Tensing and so many others. They want to conceal the truth.
Now, we've always had the utmost respect for the FBI. I've had family in the FBI and the intelligence community and police officers and firefighters and the military. Now, can the liberal media say the same for themselves? We know the answer. How many times have you heard them attack people in uniform, those that service as much as they do?
Now that we're getting closer and closer every single night in uncovering his huge, historic, massive scandal, the media is rushing to slander and discredit those of us that are exposing this. At the end of the day, every one of these so-called journalists at the so-called news networks are going to look like fools, but we already know that they are. The same people who have been clinging to a sinking lifeboat of this phony Trump-Russia collusion story, it's been a year, and they still cannot admit they have been completely wrong, there is no evidence, and in many instances, they are flat out lying.
And now, since none of this has worked, well, the media is doing the bidding of Robert Mueller. They're breathless, hysterical reporting about what the special counsel is doing. Don't believe me? Let your own eyes see.
Now, have you noticed? Any time there is breaking news about this massive government abuse of power that we are -- that's unfolding every night of the show, all of a sudden, three or four stories about the special counsel's investigation in the media, they are all over the place, and it spread like wildfire within their own echo chamber.
So predictable at this point. The media is out of control with their bias. It's painfully obvious. And, by the way, a lot of their information, I believe, when all is said and done, is probably coming from Robert Mueller and, of course, his liberal Democratic hacks that have been pushing this themselves.
Now, also tonight, big developments about the explosive classified memo exposing FISA abuses against the Trump campaign. FOX News is reporting the Department of Justice is now asking the House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes to not publicly release the memo that we deserve.
Does the DOJ not understand Congress has oversight over them? They are investigating them. They don't have to hand a mama over to anyone in spite of with the liberal media says. They shouldn't do it.
Now, this is why we are once again calling on you, the American people, to call up your members of Congress, demand the memo be released. Release the memo, #releasethememo.
Call the number on your screen, 202-224-3121. Tell Congress the truth about one of the biggest scandals in American history and we have a right to know.
Also, breaking this hour, this is huge -- new information about the missing Strzok-Page text messages. Remember, five months, very critical time period. Sources are exclusively telling me tonight, multiple sources, that the Department of Justice is, as we speak, in the process of successfully recovering many of those text messages in that five-month period of time from the Trump-hating FBI officials Peter Strzok and Lisa Page.
The DOJ is also trying to track on their mobile phones. This is huge because those texts are during that critical time, during the so-called Russia investigation.
Here's a big question tonight. Was the Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe's cell phone impacted by the so-called glitch? McCabe, he was Lisa Page's boss. And both she and Strzok talked about, quote, the insurance policy in Andy's office, we believe that was McCabe.
And also brand new tonight, we have new revelations about one of the lawyers that is now representing disgraced former director, soon to be probably investigated, national embarrassment, James Comey. According to "BuzzFeed", one of Comey's attorneys turns out as his Columbia law professor buddy, the guy he leaked a memo to to "The New York Times," because he wanted a special counsel appointed, which turned out to be, oh, Comey's other BFF, Robert Mueller.
You can't make this up in a spy novel. It is one giant incestuous circle of corruption. We have even more proof. James Comey testified, remember, that he gave his classified most of Robert Mueller. According to the reports, the special counsel interview to Comey about his memos last year. By the way, they also collaborated before he testified.
Those memos contained classified information. They were created on government computers. So, Comey broke the law by removing them from the FBI but it's clear that Mueller didn't care about any of that. They are best friends.
Mueller's main focus is, and has been, and continues to be carrying out a witch hunt to unseat a duly elected president of the United States, President Trump. It's ridiculous and it's an abomination to our Constitution and rule of law.
As you have seen by watching the show the past couple of nights -- well, there have been so much breaking news about the FBI text messages that we have been able to cover all of this. I want to go back and I want to make sure you are up to speed, highlight a very important couple pieces of information.
Now, remember Senator Ron Johnson revealing with Bret Baier last night that an informant told him that there was some sort of anti-Trump, quote, secret society within the FBI.
Here is Senator Johnson explaining it on "SPECIAL REPORT." Take a look.
Really? Secret society? You can't make this up.
They're not going to be bullied.
OK. Gregg Jarrett, let's talk about -- first of all, big news about the release of this. We take it even a step further. I mean, you see more texts from Lisa Page and Peter Strzok. What are your thoughts?
Let's go to this new development. Sara, this was in your article tonight on saracarter.com.
But, Jason Chaffetz, the idea that, if the investigation leads to impeachment, there is no they are there, I hate the president, F him, if I can get rid of him, this will make history, well, maybe I should get involved. What do you think, sweetheart? Pretty much what he is saying to his lover.
Bottom line, Congressman, in all your years in Congress, do you ever have an exoneration before investigation?
Let's start there.
Seventeen and Hillary.
All right. Sara, let me go back to you, because you reported on this. No, no, there is no there there on that Russia thing. But if this can be historic, if it's impeachment, I hate -- he's loathsome. F him. That is what they wrote each other.
Maybe then I should get involved. Now, wait a minute -- you got Strzok and Comey writing the exoneration, then you have the insurance policy with the Page, Strzok, and McCabe. Why are these people still working? Why have they not been fired? And what does it -- why did Mueller pick all of these people -- and I didn't even mention Andrew Weissmann yet.
I watched today, and it's not new news that they want to talk to Donald Trump. It's not even -- it's old news. Steve Bannon is talking. That is old news, too.
Didn't these leaks -- don't you suspect, as I do, this came right from Robert Mueller's office? Because they are under fire and because of all that we're discovering here, they know their time is up.
Would you ever that the president -- and I appreciate he wants to be upfront, honest -- I would never in a million years, never, ever, ever allow him to go before this witch hunt special counsel.
Don't you think there's enough legitimate reason of bias and an abuse within the special counsel that he has legitimate legal arguments?
Let's get your take on this, Jason Chaffetz. Congressman, I wouldn't in a million years, I would fight that up the Supreme Court on the grounds that number one, Mueller's team is corrupt, that it was founded -- remember, Hillary rigged the primary. Hillary paid for the phony dossier. Hillary got a pass when she committed felonies by people that even more involved in the investigation, especially Peter Strzok, and Peter Strzok and Comey, and Comey set it up using information he never should have revealed. Then the phony dossier was a predicate to get the FISA warrant against the president.
All right. Sara Carter, we're going to give you the last word.
All right. Last word for you, Gregg Jarrett.
He's got to do the interview, but there's a precedent for restrictions, there is a precedent for what the topics are going to be.
Proffer, proper, all sorts of lawyers to get-- in other words, it can't be open-ended, Gregg, it's impossible.
All right. Thank you. I appreciate it as always. Gregg, Sara, Congressman, thank you all for joining us.
Now, the president is making major headlines, declaring there is no evidence of collusion and that he would do that sit down under oath with a special counsel.
Again, let me play this for you. We'll get reaction from Judge Jeanine Pirro.
Well, the keywords there, subject to my lawyer. Now, the president's attorney, Ty Cobb, also weighing in, telling "The New York Times" and I quote: He's ready to meet with him but he will be guided by the advice of his personal counsel.
So should the president to sit down with Robert Mueller?
Joining us with more reaction to that, she is the host of "Justice." She also fills in on the show. She's also a very nice person and a great lawyer. How are you?
No, I admire him wanting to do it.
Wait, shouldn't that be his answer if, in fact, he goes?
I got to stop you before you finish your point. It's important.
So, I've talked to my friends that are attorneys.
OK. And they say to me -- I brought the scenario on, what if I'm being interviewed by these people. He goes, you say no, and then you got to be willing to sit there.
And I'm used to it in my life, no dead air ever. But I will tell you, I'd be able to do that. But we know President Trump. He's going to say no and I will tell you why and why and why.
It's a trap.
The other thing is, it's like poor General Flynn. I mean, they already knew his answers because they illegally surveiled, unmasked, they didn't minimize and then they leaked raw intelligence. He walked into a perjury trap because they knew everything he said. That's scary, by the way in term of unreasonable search and seizure and no warrants and it never should have happened. The problem here is they don't like this President. Look at this team that Robert Mueller put together. Is that fair? Strzok, Weismann, they're backgrounds? Weisman withheld exculpatory evidence.
How do you stop it? Mueller pushes on, how do you stop? Executive privilege? You go to the Supreme Court, what do you do?
Do you think that I do, I don't trust Mueller based on who he is appointed and all that is gone on. I think Mueller is out for blood. PIRRO: Mueller is not only out for blood but out to save his own butt and I will tell you why.
Because of all the revelations
And you had been on it as well. Judge, glad to see.
When we come back, the great one -- wait until you hear what the great one Mark Levin will say, fire it up over this FBI and the missing texts that we now know tonight are actually being recovered as we speak. Breaking news on "Hannity." Alan Dershowitz weighs in next.
The great one Mark Levin on fire earlier tonight, he has been warning about the deep state and the battle against Donald Trump. Take a look.
And Mark was on the show at that time and Sara Carter and John Solomon in March. They broke the story about FISA abuse and a warrant at Trump tower. Here with reaction, the author of the bestseller Trump up, how criminalization of political differences endangers the democracy, Harvard constitutional law professor Alan Dershowitz. Sir, good to see you again. I saw your comments that you fear that they're going to try and go after obstruction of justice. It was supposed to be about collusion. Explain your fear.
Why in this environment, professor, why would the President ever go before Mueller knowing about Comey and Strzok and Page and what would you do if you were his attorney?
Look, you're a well-known criminal defense attorney, Harvard law professor, have you ever heard of a, an FBI Director and investigator riding exoneration draft after draft, months before they interview the key people involved? B, when a phony dossier paid for by one candidate to lie to the American people and then based on a FISA warrant isn't there a strong argument here, this never should have happened?
I mean to use one candidate, a phony dossier they paid for to be the premise of a FISA warrant against an opposition candidate and then an incoming President and then the FBI Director is literally exonerating. I believe there were crimes committed. Mishandling of classified information, destruction of classified information. I don't know many people that acid wash their hard drives and beat the crap out of their mobile devices professor, but they exonerated her before they investigated.
My question here is, there has to be a basis here that this was formulated on false information from the get go.
All right. Thank you, professor. When we come back, Ed Henry live report on the president fight against sanctuary cities and much more straight ahead.
Big news tonight on President Trump's fight against illegal immigration. Live from the White House with all the details Fox News chief national correspondent our own Ed Henry. Ed, you're there alone tonight, the President's on an airplane
All right. Ed Henry at the White House holding down the fort, he is going to be living in the house tonight. Kidding. All right joining us national syndicated radio talk show host for the Salem radio network Larry Elder, Fox News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera. Welcome back Geraldo I know you had a recent medical procedure. You look great. Thanks for the picture.
He sends me a picture. My staples are out. Thanks, Geraldo.
I know how passionate you are on immigration, but you would accept the deal, build the wall, and fully fund it and chain migration, merit-based immigration if you have DACA. Why did Chuck Schumer act like a big baby after the Schumer shutdown?
But here is the thing, Democrats don't want the wall, they want to run on DACA. Isn't that the truth, Larry Elder?
I want to thank you both.
Geraldo we are out of time. A very powerful video of the day straight ahead.
All right. Video of the day, Larry Nassar, the monster who pled guilty to sexually abusing those young girls during his time as doctor for the U.S. gymnastics team. He was sentenced today. I have to give a lot of credit, the Judge's powerful statement during sentencing as the video of the day. Thank god for Judges like this.
Sad. Time for the messages you left me on the Hannity hotline. Take a listen, what do I get hit with tonight?
All right. I listen, I am not going to lie. I just don't care -- I've got jeans and boots on. See? That is it. That is what I wear. That is who I am. All right. Reach that number on your screen 8772258587 we will always be fair and balance, Laura is next. Did you call in.
Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 210  ***************************************************
 Look at that. All three families are saving money. The tax cut will help middle class families. They desperately need it. And by the way the bill also gets rid of the ObamaCare individual mandate and it opens up energy exploration in ANWR. Oh, the life blood of our economy, more energy independence. And by the way, long term secure jobs at high wages for Americans. And lower prices for the entire country. All good.
And when it comes to ISIS, President Trump, he has unleashed the U.S. military and as a result, letting them decide, all but destroy the terror group. Look at these numbers from the Department of Defense that the President tweeted out. The military under President Trump's leadership has done more in 11 months to defeat ISIS than Obama did during his last 28 months. And that's just a small sample of President Trump's many accomplishments for 2017.
Take a look on your screen right there. Here is a list of President Trump's accomplishments for 2017. Ask yourself, have you heard the mainstream media, the destroy Trump Media, anybody on the left, any liberal ever mention any of these things? Have you heard them talk about how the president's accomplishment and all these accomplishments have positively impacted the country? Probably not.
They want and have wanted from the beginning the president to fail. Now, this is exactly why the media, the pundits, the political elites are predicting a huge massive Democratic landslide in November of this year in the mid-terms. But, before they get too giddy, too excited, let's keep this in mind.
These are the so-called same experts, political experts, who all said President Trump never stood a chance. So, maybe they should put a little bit of the pump on the brakes here and not get so giddy. As a matter of fact, it may turn out to be just out opposite.
The president, by the way has created what I am calling for a blueprint for victory in 2018. I hope the Republicans in Washington are paying attention. Now they did get their act together in December, I do give them credit, but they need to do more. They need to keep the momentum going. Tax cuts, that's a great start, but they need to keep for example, like building the wall. Finish repealing the disaster that is ObamaCare, keep that promise. Replace it with free market solutions. Health care savings accounts, health care cooperatives. They should also pass welfare reform. It's desperately needed again. They should cut other wasteful government spending programs.
We know the Democrats, they are signaling that they want all kinds of concessions in these upcoming negotiations in the coming weeks. Republicans, you need to show some backbone, at least for once, stand up for principles. Get your identity back, and here's why.
You always get the tax cut -- you never get the tax cut, you always get the tax hike. You never get the future spending cuts. We always get the immediate concession or amnesty, but you never get the border wall built. You never get the border security. So you Republicans, you need to take this past approach and flip it upside down because so far it fails every time.
So the GOP, you want to win in November? You need to demand that things like the border wall will get built and built first before anything else can happen as it relates to immigration.
Now, the American people, they need to see 200, 300 miles of this border wall built before the election. That will help you politically and it's good for our security, and the same goes with other issues.
That's the blueprint politically for success in 2018 in the mid-terms. And Republicans, you follow that you will be successful.
Also tonight, if 2017 is defined by any one thing, it will be the news media's epic fail. What do we hear all last year, the entire year from the mainstream liberal media? Russia, collusion, collusion, collusion, Russia, Russia, Russia. Well, that fake news narrative has pretty much completely blown up in their faces after a year of nonstop breathless reporting, anonymous sources, hysteria on their part. Because so favor, up to today, zero evidence of collusion between President Trump and the Russians.
So now the media, they have got to latch on to something quick. They are not going to admit they are wrong. So the new narrative of the liberal media is that conservatives actually hate the FBI. They hate law enforcement because of the bias, that we're exposing in the Russia investigation. Watch this.
Well, that's the new narrative. Conservatives -- this is laughable. Republicans hate law enforcement. And you know why it's laughable? Because the liberal media, they are not the people that respect law and law enforcement and they have been that way for decades.
We'll explain in a second, but first, I want to educate all my failing colleagues in the media that have been that have been wrong so often.
Now, if you had any sense of real law and order in our constitutional republic, you might investigate Hillary Clinton and, yes, the numerous felonies we know she committed. If you care about it, you should maybe look into her top aide Huma Abedin and her criminally mishandling of classified information in those emails. And if you in the media, if you really cared about truth at all, maybe look into this. And that's Mueller's merry band of Democratic donors, let's see, contributed, oh, only to Democrats, politicians like Obama and Hillary and the DNC. Imagine for a second if it was a bunch of Republican donors that were investigating through a special counsel, Hillary Clinton. Yes, you guys in the media, you would be foaming at the mouth on a nightly basis.
And if the media, if you are interested in truth, why don't you ask why Hillary Clinton and the Obama administration, why would they ever do something really stupid and give 20 percent of America's uranium supply to Russia? Yes. That Russia. Putin's Russia. The adversary. The bad actor Russia. When by the way, we don't even have enough uranium as it is. And maybe you'd follow the money if it was Donald Trump and $145 million pouring into the Clinton Foundation and her coffers while she is Secretary of State from the very people involved in this particular deal.
Again, if it was Donald Trump, I know you would be all over it and, of course, you would want to know, oh, was there a quid pro quo? Was that pay to play? But of course, you don't want to know that truth.
Now, let's go back to this new narrative coming from the fake news media that conservatives hate the FBI. The exact opposite is true.
Now, on this show, if you have watched -- this is now my 23rd year. I have always respected the men and women in law enforcement -- policemen, firemen, paramedics. I respect the intelligence community and, of course, the FBI and even the CIA. Yes, I respect the hard work they do.
Now the biased press, they are the ones who have this history of utter disdain for members of law enforcement. For example, it wasn't that long ago that the media was trashing police. Remember how many of them supported Black Lives Matter? You may remember this. There is a great invention, it's called videotape, it can remind you.
We have repeatedly said on this show that we have the utmost respect. We praise law enforcement, the FBI, the intelligence community. The issue we have in this particular case is very specific. Because you have a few select people that have shown a very anti-Trump political bias.
So, we have to ask the media a couple of questions. Do you support people like Peter Strzok, the guy that Hates trump, loves Hillary, the FBI agent involved in everything and his FBI lawyer girlfriend, Lisa Page. Together by the way they called President Trump just about every single swear word that I can't even think of and I swear -- and by the way, attack Trump and their supporters. They also texted about an insurance policy in Andy's office which we think, of course, is Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe, in case Donald Trump actually pulled off the impossible and won the election.
So you media people, do you support people like the disgraced former FBI Director Comey, admitted under oath to having his friend leak information to the New York Times in the hopes it would bring about a special counsel which it did? And Comey also likely broke the law writing his Trump notes on FBI computers and then by the way, removing that government property from the bureau and by the way, exonerated Hillary Clinton -- this is my favorite -- in the email investigation, before he ever did the investigation? I'm sure if that was against Hillary, you guys would be pretty upset.
And then, of course, Mueller's team of liberal donations. As we have told you, over $50,000 his team has donated over the years to Democrats, and by the way, none to President Trump. One of Mueller's top investigators, Jeannie Rhee, represented the Clinton Foundation during a 2015 racketeering case. I guess she is not biased.
And then you've got Andrew Weissmann, he's the guy that oversaw the highly controversial obstruction of justice case against Arthur Anderson and by the way, destroyed the company, it cost tens of thousands of jobs. In 2005 the U.S. Supreme Court turned over Weissmann's conviction, a 9-0 unanimous ruling, and as part of the Enron investigation, Weissmann also sent four Merrill Lynch executives to jail. That conviction was also overturned by the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. That's Mueller's team?
And next have you demoted DOJ official, Bruce Ohr and his wife, Nellie. Bruce Ohr met with Fusion GPS. You know, those officials that came up with a phony Russian propaganda dossier that we now know his own wife was working on the opposition against Donald Trump that produced and bought and paid for that fake news Russia propaganda. Sounds like collusion to me.
And finally, of course, the Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe, his wife, Jill, took over half a million dollars from Clinton ally, former Governor Terry McAuliff and Democrats for a failed Virginia state Senate seat. That's an insane amount of money.
McCabe is also directly tied well, like so many others, to the dossier. And during a recent testimony on Capitol Hill, McCabe conflicted statements from previous witnesses and also claimed not to know when he found out the Clintons and the DNC funded the dossier. And, according to reports, McCabe is expected to retire next year with a big fat taxpayer pension.
Does any of this matter to you in the liberal mainstream media or do you just like to fail and be wrong every day? You know, are you supporting all these people? You are supporting that conduct? You are supporting that political bias? You don't see a conflict of interest? Do you really think that this isn't corruption at the highest level? You know, these criticisms we are making, these are facts. They are not about institutions. They are about the violation of constitutional rights and the abuse of power at the top levels of our government. This is serious. And we have been right. You have been wrong.
And finally tonight, three major foreign policy stories: North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un is threatening the United States by saying that a nuclear button is always on his desk and that he has nuclear weapons that can now reach the United States. President Trump just about well, 45 minutes ago, fired back on Twitter saying, well, he has an even bigger nuclear button and his actually works. We will have more on that later.
And President Trump is actually putting Pakistan on notice by tweeting and calling them out for helping terrorists and not fully cooperating with the United States. He is right on that point. And also finally, a major story, protests continuing tonight to break out in Iran. So far 20 people have been killed. Over 450 people have been arrested. These are people that are revolting against this repressive regime and these radical mullahs in Tehran. It's something that President Trump actually predicted would happen back in September.
Now, the mullahs are scared out of their minds and this is now the opportunity of a lifetime for the people of Iran that have been oppressed, people that are getting killed for being gay and lesbian, women that are treated horribly. They can be free of these radical dictators.
Joining us now, reaction of the New York Times best-selling book, Vengeance. Former Speaker of the House, Fox News contributor, Newt Gingrich is with us. Mr. Speaker, welcome back and Happy New Year, sir.
You know, so you are writing, I think it was the most viewed on foxnews.com. Underestimate at your own peril and then 2018 get ready for the political surprise of 2018. Because I'm watching and listening to everyone else in the media and they think this is going to be the biggest beat down for Republicans that we have ever seen.
So, assuming that after a year of investigating Trump/Russia collusion and coming up with unrelated charges for Paul Manafort, General Flynn lying to the FBI, we now find ourselves in a position and we will get into this in great detail where there are issues about collusion. That would be Hillary funding the dossier paid for with Russian lies, misinformation, propaganda, all to influence an election.
Should that be a big issue or Comey and Peter Strzok writing an exoneration before an investigation? Or the Uranium One issue? Why would anyone have ever allowed 20 percent of America's uranium to go to Vladimir Putin, especially knowing about bribery, extortion, kickbacks and money laundering, you know, a year and a half earlier?
Robert Mueller knew about it. So, do the Republicans -- does the Republican Party have an obligation now to go after what we did find as a result of the investigation that the democrats never really expected to find?
And the State Department.
And passwords.
Yes, and passwords. Unbelievable. All right. Let me ask you about Iran. Four months ago, when the President was speaking at the United Nations, he predicted there would be an Iranian -- the Iranian people would revolt. Now we have Iranian protesters attacking police stations. They stormed an Iranian military base according to reports and they are chanting, "Death to the Ayatollah." Very different than the Green Movement in 2009. Now, we have a president supporting those people that want liberty, freedom, maybe Eeven constitutional government.
If you are the president, what do you do now to help those protesters?
All right, Mr. Speaker, Happy New Year. Great to see you. And lot of news tonight. Coming up, John Solomon is here. Brand new report on the FBI. Their mishandling of the entire Clinton email case. He'll be joined by Sarah Carter. Peter Schweizer also investigating.
Later on, Sean Spicer, Michelle Malcolm, Tom Fitton and Pam Bondi. Happy 2018. Glad you are with us.
And welcome back to Hannity. All right, the Hill's John Solomon has a massive bombshell report out tonight. The headline, Congressional investigators find irregularities in the FBI's handling of the Clinton email case.
Solomon reports that documents reveal the FBI agents believe laws were, in fact, broken, just by the, "Shear volume of classified information that, in fact, passed through Clinton's server."
Also, Solomon reporting 17 witnesses -- key witnesses in the Clinton case were interviewed after James Comey and Peter Strzok had begun his exoneration statement. Here to break it all down, the author of Clinton Cash, number one New York Times best-seller Peter Schweizer. Now Fox News contributor and of course, investigative reporter, Sarah Carter and the man himself from The Hill, John Solomon, tonight.
Okay, massive overwhelming evidence that laws were broken. Overwhelming. Tons of volumes of classified materials passed on. We all saw the exoneration before the investigation, John. And it goes on from there. And quoting, you know, one Congressman as saying, "The whole thing was rigged," in other words, it was rigged to exonerate her and not have equal justice under the law, explain.
Let me go to Sarah, you have been all over this story as well. This confirmed, this new narrative that, oh the conservatives don't like the FBI, law enforcement, the intel community. No, we don't like if you are rigging the criminal justice system for political purposes to help one candidate over another. Isn't that what this is about?
What about fusion GPS, Peter Schweizer. I know there is a New York Times op-ed by the fusion GPS guy. I don't believe 90 percent of it myself. And that is, you know, Republicans hired us first. But, Christopher Steele wasn't on the case with Trump-Russia collusion. Is he basically trying to justify. We didn't pay money. We don't know who paid what money. They looked at our bank accounts. What do we know about Christopher Steele's bank accounts? What do we know -- why did Hillary pay for what we now know are salacious lies and propaganda from Russian sources? That seems to be the bigger story that they don't want to talk about.
He talks about that.
John you referred to that in your piece as special. We still have surveillance unmasking leaking raw intelligence. We still have the dossier which with a Russian paid for lies. Hillary paid for the dossier. We have the uranium one which we know Jeff Sessions hasn't recused himself from. And then have you Comey colluding with Strzok to put the fix in this particular case we are discussing. Then have you Bruce Ohr. He met with fusion GPS. His wife worked with fusion GPS on Trump, you know on that dossier we believe. Then we have Mueller wants corrupt team. 2018 prediction. John Solomon.
Is 2018 the year of the big boomerang, Sarah Carter?
Do you agree, Peter? Last word.
All right. You three have been pivotal in exposing a lot of this corruption. I will say this, stay tune to this show tick tock. Thank you all for being with us. Coming up President Trump voicing support for protesters in Iran. Finally. Also the President announcing that he will give out the most dishonest and corrupt media awards. Sean Spicer, Michelle Malkin will join us later. Next, is CNN really the most trusted name in news? They actually are. For pot heads.
And welcome back to "Hannity." Protests continue all across Iran and over 20 people now sadly have been killed. Hundreds arrested. Today the President tweeted the people of Iran are finally acting against the brutal corrupt Iranian regime. All the money the money that President Obama so foolishly gave them went into terrorism and into their pockets. The people have little food, big inflation and zero human rights. The U.S. is watching. Also tonight the president responding to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un recent nuclear threats by tweeting on North Korean leader Kim Jong Un just stated that quote, the nuclear button is on his desk at all times. Will someone from his depleted and food starved regime please inform him that I too have a nuclear button? But it is a much bigger and more powerful one than his? And my button actually works. Here now with reaction the host of Michelle Malkin investigates CRTV, Michelle Malkin and Former White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer. I will add this to the mix if I can, Michelle. He also tweeted I will be announcing the most corrupt dishonest media awards on Monday at 5:00. Subjects will cover dishonesty and bad reporting in various categories from the fake news media. Anybody on your list Sean?
You know. There is so many liberal media, I like the fact, Michelle, he is not trying to bribe North Korean dictator like Bill Clinton did and a lot of good that did or try and bribe radical mullahs that throw gays and lesbians off roofs in Iran as a matter of law and abuse women as a matter of law. I kind of like standing up to dictators the media can't seem to handle that.
Where is Hillary stands up for women when she was taking how many millions and millions of dollars from countries that practice sharia? Sean, the big blockbuster John Solomon tonight this is massive, the huge, the fix was in. They knew that laws were broken. They knew classified material was on it. They knew foreign agents had it. And they wrote an exoneration before an investigation. Now, if this was Donald Trump, what would the reaction be?
Foaming at the mouth.
Michelle, I know I don't have enough time tonight. I was watching you yesterday on JetBlue I think had you a half hour monologue on the show. It was great. I wish I had the time to give you. I want to get your thoughts. If any of this happened and it was Trump and you replaced Trump with Hillary and the fix is in, the way it was here, I have got to believe these guys in the media, the destroy -- they would be foaming at the mouth. I just have a hard time understanding their lack of any fairness at this point and their totally gone in the tank for the Democratic Party.
This year is going to be massive in terms of news, especially about the corrupt media and there are very, very nervous, rightly so, people like Hillary Clinton. They should be nervous. People will be going to jail. I promise you.
Last thing, build the wall. Build out wall and do it now. And then that will help everybody the country wants a secure borders. I got to roll. I promise we will give Michelle a whole half hour. She was great yesterday morning on "Fox & Friends." When we come back, President Trump blasting Hillary Clinton's top aides after new documents now reveal she may, in fact, have compromised your national security. Tom Fitton, Pam Bondi, they are on the case. Later why CNN should be renamed the cannabis fake news network. Straight ahead.
President Trump is slamming long-time Hillary Clinton aid Huma Abedin after the State Department on Friday released hundreds of work- related emails from Abedin's account. They were found on her estranged husband Anthony Weiner, he is the guy in jail who is personal laptop. Judicial watch that sued the state department to get these emails reporting that five of the documents release to the public are marked classified. Oh, I thought they were about yoga and a wedding and a funeral. Here with reaction the President of judicial watch Tom Fitton and Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi. Tom, why did it take so long to get these? You filed for these in, what, 2015?
Pam, they knew laws were broken. Now we have the emails. We have John Solomon's report. They were shocked at the amount of classified material that they found. Then we know all -- then we know the fix was in. It was rigged to quote Congressman McCabe. The whole thing was rigged.
But if we go -- if we're got to have equal justice under the law, doesn't Comey now -- don't we have a case of obstruction, Pam, for him and Peter Strzok if they rigged the entire investigation, the special investigation and they hid the evidence?
Your reaction, Tom Fitton.
How do you not get indicted these are felonies.
Do your job. The President should order them to do an honest investigation.
We need like six special counsels, it's all unfolding. Thank you both. Happy new year to both of you. We appreciate it.
All right. When we come back, you are thought going to believe what a fake news network, one of them, they help people that love pot light their pot and their bongs on New Year's Eve. I'm not making it up. And we have the videotape next.
The video of the day tonight. A news network featured unusual way to ring in the New Year. CNN. The cannabis fake news special coverage Randi Kaye reporting live from a Party in Denver, Colorado, dedicated to smoking pot and even took the opportunity to show their viewers, how few there are, the unusual ways to smoke weed and get really high. Watch this.
Bong lessons from the fake news cannabis news network. We will have our video of the day every day. Makes you wonder how low or how high CNN will try to boost their ratings. They are in the basement in 3rd place. Anyway, before we go. We will be featuring the video of the day, the tweet of the day, and the hate "Hannity" hot line is back. Now, you can say anything you want to me. I encourage you, just let it out. This is the year a lot of truth will come out that they won't be reporting in the lame stream media. Last year this was the number one show on cable news in total audience. Thanks for making that happen. Leave a message, 877-225-8587, thank for being with us. We will see you tomorrow night. That is all the time we have left. Let not your heart be troubled.
Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 211  ***************************************************
 Ah, nothing better. Where were you then hearing those swing states one after another call for President Trump that night.
Now the left, liberals, members of the abusively biased press in this country, you all look like idiots, because you all predicted Donald Trump never stood a chance. And then, after he won, you became hysterical. Let's take a look.
It's funny, but it's also pathetic, and it shows you just how abusively biased and corrupt and dishonest the media in this country really is. The media, they couldn't understand why Donald Trump won, what he was victorious that night.
Now, the night of election night, it's usually a night off for me, but I was encouraged by my boss at the time to call in and join my Fox News colleagues to explain why he won. This is election night one year ago tonight.
To me this was predictable, but on the other hand, this is a modern day political miracle you were witnessing before your eyes right now. And that is, to go up against everybody, and all the pundits and all the pollsters and all the prognosticators out there, and defy all the odds. And it's the American people that have said enough is enough. They are tired of the corruption, the cesspool, draining the swamp. All of these things were resonating.
You know, when you look at a state like Wisconsin, what are they saying? They want their jobs back, they want the labor participation rate to be lower, in other words more people having jobs. They want America to be energy independent. They are tired of all horrible educational system. They are tired of ObamaCare rates going through the roof.
This is not complicated, what's happening now is not working, and these guys, and Donald Trump has gone out there and outworked Hillary Clinton and he put forward a much better agenda, and America said enough is enough with failed policies. That's what this election was about.
That was one year ago tonight. And don't forget that just about every single news outlet but the Fox News Channel was exposed by WikiLeaks and Julian Assange as having colluded with the Clinton campaign.
And of course there's the liberal crybaby snowflakes. Now, this is a video of Hillary Clinton's election headquarters after President Trump delivered that crushing defeat a year ago tonight. They are probably still crying tonight in mommy and daddy's basement because they were triggered by what happened.
We also saw schools, remember, colleges, they were offering these poor grieving spoiled brats counseling. All the liberals needed things like therapy dogs, hot cocoa, Play-Doh, just to cope.
In retrospect it's actually laughable how lame these people were and how out of touch -- by the way, you know, for example Hollywood liberals and celebrities, they join this collective left-wing freak out launching all kinds of vicious and vile attacks against President Trump, and it has gone on for an entire year. Watch this.
What a year. And if you thought that was bad, we also have -- remember Kathy Griffin's disgusting photo shoot that we always have to give you the viewer warning about because it is so graphic? Here is Griffin posing like an ISIS fighter with a fake, bloody head that looks like President Trump. And if that wasn't enough, it was the Shakespeare in the Park play where a Trump like character was assassinated on stage.
This liberal hatred, for one year, no bounds do they know. And of course the destroy Trump media, they got in on all the action. They have become so unhinged, lying, dishonesty at a level we have never seen before. We've had to now coin new terms just to describe them. Trump derangement syndrome. The media's Trump psychosis. Watch this.
Imagine saying those things about President Obama? Never. This media has treated President Trump so badly, even former Democratic President Jimmy Carter was forced to admit he has never seen anything like it.
And by the way, we can throw in the unprecedented obstruction of course from the Democrats. President Trump could literally cure cancer, turn water into wine, end poverty, and the left in this country and the media would still never give him credit. They hate him that much.
And Democrats have now made it clear their goal is simple: to damage and to destroy this president by any means necessary. Just look at the last year. It is beyond disgusting, and it is a tremendous disservice to you, the American people, especially the forgotten men and women that this election was about.
And I have been telling you there are five forces actively working against this president. They did it before. They are doing it now. The deep state, the Democratic Party, the destroy Trump ever corrupt lying media, never-Trumpers and weak spineless establishment Republicans. They were against them before the election. They are against them more today. All they care about is their hatred, they live on this hatred for Donald Trump.
Also tonight, Democrats and liberal media, they are ecstatic -- OK, they won a couple of races last night, and they were all predicted to win those races in solid liberal blue states. Now take a look at how the media reacted to Democrats winning, let's see, states that Donald Trump didn't win. Watch this.
Wait a minute. They didn't act like that a year ago. Oh, they were at a funeral a year ago. You listen to that you would think the Democrats won the presidency and super majorities in Congress, but that is not even close to what happened. Here's what did happen.
Democrats scored predictable victories in states that Donald Trump didn't win in 2016. New Jersey, shocker. New York. The Commonwealth of Virginia. Washington State. It was not a rebuke of the White House, or not even really surprising.
Let's take Virginia's gubernatorial race. Ed Gillespie, he lost. Ed Gillespie was too timid. He didn't embrace the president's agenda. And afterwards, the president even tweeted, quote, "Ed Gillespie worked hard but he didn't embrace me or what I stand for. Don't forget Republicans won four out of four House seats, and with the economy doing record numbers, will continue to win even bigger than before."
And Ed Gillespie had the chance that in fact -- you have Steve Bannon, who is going to join us in a minute, he offered to campaign for Gillespie, but his team declined. The president offered to campaign.
Then in the great liberal bastion of New Jersey, a Democrat is going to be the governor next year. That's not surprising when you look at Governor Chris Christie's poll numbers. Sorry, Chris, but look at it. Hovering around 15 percent. Couldn't be a dogcatcher with those numbers. That's the lowest in the nation. The worst number Quinnipiac has found in any state more than 20 years. So, it's already incredibly difficult for a Republican to win in New Jersey. Chris Christie deserves credit for winning. Christie's poll numbers made it impossible this time.
But the media will never report that is the reason. They also never reported on these facts. You want to look at a president that had a tough time? Look at Obama while he was in the Oval Office. Democrats lost the presidency, 13 U.S. Senate seats, 64 U.S. House seats, 13 governorships, and 33 statehouses. That is an electoral title wave. What happened last night was not no matter how the left-wing media tries to spin it.
Now before we move on, I do want to issue a stern warning tonight to Congressional Republicans, especially you spineless ones in the Senate. If you don't start passing the president's agenda, the things that you promised, one year from tonight you are going to face the consequences of the 2018 midterms. You know what? Republicans, the American people are sick of you making all kinds of promises for the past eight plus years and failing miserably to keep them. You break your promises, you're going to pay out the polls. And by the way, it's not going to be Donald Trump's fault.
Finally tonight, we just explained how Democrats, they are all smiles last night, but not a year ago, but they shouldn't be, because their party is in total shambles tonight. Now, thanks to former DNC Chairwoman Donna Brazile, we are now finding out how crooked, how deeply crooked, corrupt, and frankly what a lying Democratic machine Clinton and her party friends were.
For example, Donna Brazile revealed that she was told that she didn't need to know about who was funding the fake news anti-Trump Russian propaganda lying dossier? Really? Watch this.
Didn't need to know? Donna Brazile told to stop asking questions, and that the dossier is none of her business. She's only the chairwoman of the DNC. She replaced Debbie Wasserman Schultz, and she did it for no pay and also said she had no idea Debbie Wasserman Schultz and the current DNC leadership has also denied any involvement. So then, who knew about the dossier?
And as you just heard, Donna Brazile, what she was just saying, she was kept in the dark because she didn't control the money, and as she revealed, it was actually Hillary Clinton and her campaign that controlled the purse strings at the DNC. They had the authority, by the way, when it came to strategy, personnel, decision, budgeting, data, analytics and mailings. Poor Bernie.
Brazile also blasts liberal, fake news, CNN anchor, fake Jake Tapper in her book. Brazile says that she felt betrayed by Tapper after he criticized her for leaking Democratic debate questions to Hillary. Remember the stupid Donald Duck protesters from the campaign? Donna Brazile pointed out it was Hillary Clinton's idea to pay those agitators to follow Donald Trump around. And Brazile also admitted that President Trump was right about Democrats paying protesters. Also, Brazile was right in the book that the Clinton campaign was a cult.
Here with reaction to all of this. Former Trump White House chief strategist, executive chairman, Breitbart News. Mr. Bannon, where were you one year ago tonight?
All right. Let me ask you about yesterday, because you have been very outspoken. You are tired of weak Republicans, but more importantly, they are trying to say last night was a referendum on Donald Trump. True or false?
Yes. What do you make of the revelation --
Now we know that the fix was in, Trump was right. Bernie Sanders -- the system was rigged, I will use Donna Brazile's words, in the primary. She also tried to fix the general election now because now we know Clinton herself paid for the phony Russian dossier that others were spreading around all these lies, Russian lies that she paid for. The fix was in there, the fix was in Comey rights of exoneration before he ever did an investigation.
The fix was in on the tarmac when Bill Clinton met with Loretta Lynch. There's a lot of fixing the Clinton is involved in. Your reaction after the fact?
The Republican Party you mean.
Yes.
All right. Stay right there, we will have more with Steve Bannon right after this. But before we go to the break, by the way, you think the media over this last year has lost their collective minds? What we just showed you over President Trump. You can go to my Facebook page right now and vote in our poll. More with Bannon, and an important monologue, breaking news tonight on the new developments, Uranium One on the dossier, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity" as we continue with former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon with us. You know, I go over this whole thing, now we know that Hillary basically rigged and stole the primary. The evidence is overwhelming and incontrovertible. Then she tried to, by spending money, we know she spent the money, she controlled the DNC, they spent the money, and they paid for this phony Russian dossier, Russian lies, propaganda, to influence the American people, bought and paid for by Clinton.
Then we got this whole issue of Uranium One, Mueller new in 2009 about -- and so did Eric Holder about bribery, extortion, kickbacks, money laundering, and racketeering. A year later, the Uranium One deal goes through. Steve, we have to import uranium because we don't have enough uranium in this country. No one has ever given any simple -- why would we ever, knowing especially the crimes committed by Putin's thugs in this country, ever allow Putin control of 20 percent of our uranium?
And I'm not even talking about the Clintons getting more money in speaking fees and 145 million kickbacks to the foundation. When you look at these things in light of what is going on for years when there is no evidence of Trump-Russia collusion as Dianne Feinstein said on Sunday, what are your thoughts?
But Steve, wait a minute, there was collusion. Hillary Clinton bought and paid for Russian lies.
Use whatever term you want.
An email server. Listen, there is crimes on the email server. Known crimes, cover-up, obstruction, espionage. All of these things we've gone through. I won't repeat them, but you're right, 20 percent of uranium, really? And Mueller new. How could he investigate anything Russia? Let me ask you a political question.
And I know this is important because you have said you were going after those people. Look, we see people like Ben Sasse and Jeff Flake and John McCain, they hate the President. They haven't gotten a single thing accomplished. To the credit of the House, the House did passes almost 300 bills, including, you know, sanctuary cities in Kate's Law, they got some work done and they passed a health care bill, imperfect, but they got it done.
And my question is this, isn't it at the end that you and Reince Priebus, Reince is more establishment than you, you are a conservative outsider kind of like I think we agree on a lot of politics, though you are wrong on not cutting taxes for everybody, but that is another night. But you guys made it work. Why can't the Republicans -- maybe they don't like Trump personally, look at his agenda and say, I asked him what part of his agenda beyond, say, trade, that isn't conservative? Is his tax plan, except for the not across the board not conservative, immigration not conservative?
He is not helping the forgotten men and women, the people in this country -- their inactivity, their lack of urgency, they have many vacations and it is not helping. The President just by getting rid of burdens and Obama era regulations, look what has happened to the economy. Imagine if they would explode the economy with this bill. They have given up on Reagan supply-side conservative tax cuts across the board. Reagan went from 70-28 percent top marginal rates, this is actually a private issue you when I disagree with on that part. They're great on the corporate tax cuts. They are great on the repatriation. The President has been great on energy independence. That all stimulates the economy, manufacturing, factories will be felt as a result.
I agree with you on McConnell, step up, get the job done or get out. I'm tired of it.
We appreciate you coming on the program, thank you. When we come back, new information about Donna Brazile about the Clinton corruption. You will hear directly from Donna next, and what a fiery debate Lanny Davis, Tezlyn and Doug Shawn, don't miss that. .
Welcome back to "Hannity," President Trump's in Beijing as we speak. He is set to meet with the Chinese president. We are bringing that to you live as it happens also tonight. The former DNC Chairwoman Donna Brazile continues to make the media rounds for her new tell-all book. Listen to what she had to say about Hillary Clinton's campaign, this is amazing.
All right. Joining us now with reaction, former White House special counsel to the President, Lanny Davis is back. Former national justice Director for Bernie Sanders Tezlyn Figaro with us. And former Clinton pollster, Fox News contributor Doug Schoen. Tezlyn I want you to address Lanny. I know Lanny for years, he is probably the biggest, best BFF friends with Hillary Clinton. Donna Brazile used the word rigged.
OK, fair point, we get along really well. What do you have to say to him as a Bernie supporter? About knowing that it was rigged? And you were disenfranchised?
Lanny responded to that.
I am helping you out, I'm educating the audience.
Let me bring in Doug Schoen.
hang on. We have to get everyone in.
Hang on. She controlled personnel, she controlled the purse strings, and they had a secret agreement. They have all been out there lying. Sanders signed the same agreement, lie. They are saying the Clinton-DNC agreement only apply to the general, lie. They say that evidence has emerged that the contents of the WikiLeaks documents email were doctored, lied. They all lied.
Look at by the way, Melania Trump, we will keep that up on the screen, live in China. You need a special prosecutor. Lanny, look, I love you. But you've got to, I don't really love you, I like it was a friend, but you have got to say here that when Hillary Clinton, now it's rigged and she signed a special agreement, she is in control of hiring, she is in control of money, personnel, and all of that was said, that is rigging. That is disenfranchising. All that super delegate -- we all knew she rigged it, and I know you like her, I know you are friends with her, I know you love the Clinton's, but when you are disenfranchising Americans that really wanted Bernie to win, and you are trying to do the same thing in the general election, bought and paid for Russian lies, you have to say, Lanny, you've got to say the Clinton's are just crooked, corrupt.
Let's get Lanny in, he is going to yell at me in a minute.
Let us put Doug back in.
What's wrong with that Lanny? What would be wrong looking at this very issues? What would be wrong with looking at these very issues? She bought and paid for Russian lies that were meant to impact the American people, and may have been used to cause a Judge to make a decision for a Pfizer warrant and surveillance on the opposition party. We will find out soon if that is true. I suspect it might have been used --
We just agree to disagree, all of us. The audience can decide. Let me bring this up Lanny. Do you know that America doesn't have enough uranium? America has to import uranium. In 2009, our government, that means our FBI, they had an informant, and they discovered a network of Vladimir Putin thugs, the hostile regime of Russia, the unsavory character Vladimir Putin. Vladimir Putin had people using bribery, extortion, money laundering, and kickbacks, and also racketeering so that he could gain a foothold in the uranium market in America. Mueller knew it, and so did Eric Holder. Eric Holder, like Hillary, signed off to get 20 percent control of America's uranium to Vladimir Putin. At the time, Bill Clinton's speaking fees doubled and then 145 plus million associated with people from -- that benefited from the deal, got kicked back to the Clinton foundation. Why can you answer -- why would America needs to import uranium ever, what knowing what they know about crimes, ever sign off on a deal that gave control to Russia? Why would you ever do that?
It happened.
Fact, it happened. Fact.
Excuse me, Lanny I will bet you $7,000 for a charity. It went to Europe, he went to Canada and it probably went to Asia.
You have to keep up with the news.
Go ahead.
How do you explain 145 million -- --
Here are some of the facts. Hang on.
Why afterwards did they get $145 million kickback to the Clinton foundation, and why doesn't Hillary at least give that money back, and why don't we hire the special counsel to be fair and balanced, and we have a special prosecutor, Dianne Feinstein said on Sunday, no evidence of Trump- Russia collusion. They've been at this a year with zero evidence. If she paid for a dossier, bought and paid for Russian lies to rigged the general election to the American people and then she gets all this money, she signed off on, her department, on Russian uranium that did leave the country. Why would anyone give away uranium when we don't have enough?
Are you calling me a liar? I gave you facts.
Tell me one thing I said that is not true?
Cute, very cute.
You sound so good.
Whether Lanny likes it or not, there's going to be a special prosecutor. There's going to be a special counsel appointed in all this, and I would say, and Lanny is a good lawyer.
He is got to know. It's like Bill Clinton said, we were alone, but I never really thought we were alone. Ok. You didn't know?
Let's all speak at once know. Lanny, I have a question. We now know that Hillary Clinton paid for the lying, salacious dossier. She paid, and the DNC that she ran paid. She paid $9 million from her campaign. She even admitted it. It was full of lies, it was full of salacious lies. It was full of Russian lies, propaganda, and disinformation. Hillary Clinton's campaign paid for it. Why don't we do what Doug said and investigate and find the truth? Why would you be against that?
Lanny, why don't we just find the truth out? Here's my simple question, why would Hillary pay for a lying dossier from this group with the Russian dossier with salacious lies? Trying to influence our election.
Salacious being the reports that Donald Trump was in the Ritz with two hookers peeing in the bed. That was the lie that is spread.
They didn't win New Jersey -- the tsunami against Donald Trump.
Why did Hillary pay $9 million for what turns out to be Russian lies to influence the American electorate in this country? Russian lies, and she even admits it.
I'm waiting.
Let's go back to Tezlyn. Go ahead.
Lanny let me ask a question.
That would be speculation.
She said to you, but she said in her book rigged. Let us put that back aside. Let me ask you this. Lanny. Help me out here. Put on your legal hat for a second. 2009, we had an FBI informant that was able to penetrate an effort by Vladimir Putin to corner a part of our uranium market. They discovered based on emails, documents, his, and tape recordings, and him being inside the network, they discovered bribery, extortion, racketeering, money laundering and kickbacks occurred. This is what they discovered.
Robert Mueller was the FBI Director in 2009. This is before the 2010 uranium one deal. Why would Robert Mueller be allowed to investigate -- as you can see, by the way there's the first lady Melania Trump in China as we speak, in Beijing, which is beyond historic, which we also should be talking about. Why would Robert Mueller have any moral authority, and why doesn't he have to recuse himself with anything Russia, because he knew what Putin was doing, he knew the crimes that were being committed in our country, and he didn't, obviously, lift a finger to stop it, and stop the uranium deal when that was the whole goal of Putin from the beginning? Put your legal hat on. This is about Hillary.
Let me ask another question, do you think it is unethical that Bill Clinton -- two legal questions, really simple, was unethical that Bill Clinton met with Loretta Lynch just days before her decision on the tarmac for a private meeting, that is number one, and was it unethical for James Comey to write an exoneration of Hillary before he even did the investigation and interview the key witnesses?
Is that ethically wrong? I know you love the Clintons, but at some point step out of your partisanship here, tell the truth. Is Loretta Lynch wrong? Wasn't wrong, the meeting on the tarmac?
According to you. Do you believe that? I don't.
I did not have sex with that woman, not one time. Known for lying.
Fair answer. We agree. Next question, counselor.
Why do you believe the guy that said I did not have sex with that woman not a single time, lied to her face, Hillary has lied for a year about the dossier? Why should we believe the Clintons, why do you believe the Clintons with their history of lies? If they lie a lot, Lanny and they have been caught a lot.
But he lied. You admit he lied?
I didn't ask you about Donald Trump. All right. Lanny, thank you. You are a good sport. Lanny great to see you. You are right on the special counsel. At the present, we are awaiting his bilateral meeting in Beijing with the Chinese President. Laura Ingraham takes it from here. This show is not the mainstream destroy-Trump media, we are fair and balanced.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 212  ***************************************************
 Good for the attorney general. And he wasn't finished because once again, despite no evidence of so-called Trump-Russia collusion, the Democrats, they still continue to push this baseless black helicopter conspiracy theory. Take a look at this testy exchange between the attorney general and liberal Senator Ron Wyden.
All right, checkmate. Now, what's so disgusting about all of this is that Democrats, including some who are actually on this Senate Intelligence Committee and were actually questioning Jeff Sessions today, have admitted themselves no evidence of collusion. Now, since some of these Democrats are so partisan that they have forgotten, let us remind them of their own words.
Wow! So despite the fact that all those prominent Democrats have been forced, based on the facts as we know them, based on the evidence, to say no Russia collusion, no evidence at this time, well, many on the left and in the destroy Trump media, they're still running completely insanely wild with the completely false conspiracy theory.
Now, that just proves we have been telling on this show you all along. This is not about getting to the truth, finding answers, finding out what the facts are. The Democrats, members of the liberal mainstream media, they don't care about any of that. Why? Because their goal, if we're going to be blunt and honest, is to destroy and discredit President Trump now by any means necessary! And in this case, that means embarrassing themselves by pushing debunked conspiracy theories.
Now, the left in this country has become so unhinged about the Trump Russia collusion conspiracy that doesn't exist that in today's hearing, Senator Tom Cotton, he decided to call it out for what it really is, a fantasy, and something that you'd only read about in a Tom Clancy spy novel. Take a look at this.
By the way, I happen to love Bourne and Bond movies.
All right, but in all seriousness, Senator Cotton absolutely nailed it here, and he deserves a lot of credit for calling out these Democrats, and of course, the destroy Trump media's lies about what's really going on here. This has now become nothing more than a witch hunt, plain and simple.
And there's another massive part of this story that involves actual scandals, actual crimes that have been committed, that they're ignoring, something the destroy Trump media refuses to tell you about. We'll tell you here on this show.
Let's start with the leader of this political witch hunt. Right now, that would be special counsel Robert Mueller, who should be closing up shop. One, he has stunning conflicts of interest, like the fact he's known James Comey for years. They're good friends. In fact, Comey testified that the reason he had a friend leak a memo, which we believe is illegal, to The New York Times, was to bring about the appointment of a special counsel. And big surprise, it ended up being Robert Mueller.
And Fox News previously reported Comey's testimony last week was, quote, "closely coordinated" with the special counsel! So think about this for a minute. You have a disgruntled former fired employee in James Comey, clearly spiteful, clearly angry, out for revenge, and now one of his closest personal friends is now leading the investigation into President Trump, who Comey is accusing of wrongdoing. There is no way that this investigation can be fair or objective. It is now impossible.
So who do you think Mueller is going to side with, his friend or the president? A friend, by the way, that he's going after, his friend is going after. This is a massive conflict of interest. It cannot be ignored. And that is why our colleague and friend Gregg Jarrett here at the Fox News Channel, who will join us later in the program, is calling it all out.
And according to Gregg, Comey and Mueller's relationship may violate two federal laws. Here's the first one. And by the way, we'll just read the header -- 28 CFR 452 or 45.2, "Disqualification Arising from Personal or Political Relationship." Now, that's what we're describing with Comey and Mueller's relationship.
And here's the next law, 28 CFR 600.7 "Conduct and Accountability." Now, this says that the attorney general can fire a special counsel if he or she has a conflict of interest.
But that's not all. It gets even worse and more outrageous. Several outlets have reported that three key people on Mueller's investigation team have actually donated to the Democrats! Now, that's why we tonight are calling for this special counsel to be shut down.
And by the way, that brings us to the real scandal that has been completely ignored by the media, by the Democrats, and the fact is this: The former attorney general, Loretta Lynch, tried to obstruct justice by interfering the FBI's Clinton email server investigation. Now, here's how James Comey described it last week in front of this very same committee. Take a look.
Wow! Add that to, of course, the tarmac meeting with Loretta Lynch and Bill Clinton and much more. This is the real scandal here tonight, and it's only getting bigger. Circa News's Sara Carter, who will also be with us later tonight, she's been blowing this scandal wide open, along with her colleague, John Solomon. Now, take a look at this headline. "Comey got 'steely silence' after confronting Loretta Lynch about Clinton's email probe."
Now, according to Sara's report, James Comey actually confronted Loretta Lynch over attempts to influence the Clinton problem. Now, if Robert Mueller wants to investigate real obstruction of justice, then he should be looking into Loretta Lynch and what she did.
And if Democrats, if want to talk about collusion, since their conspiracy theories about President Trump have now been completely debunked, then let's talk about Hillary Clinton colluding with Vladimir Putin, the Uranium One deal. And remember she signed off as secretary of state, handing over 20 percent of America's uranium to Putin and the Russians. Of course, the foundational material to make a nuclear weapon.
And while people, by the way, all involved in this deal, they were donating big bucks to the Clinton Foundation, and her husband, Bill Clinton -- well, he was doubling his speaking fees in Moscow.
Now, the propaganda media has completely gotten this wrong and they're backwards. They have absolutely hit a new low. They're the worst.
And as we have explained right here on this program, there are five forces now working to take down President Trump. This is a real clear present danger to the president you elected last November.
First, of course, and I think the most dangerous, the deep state, those selectively leaking information to damage the president. By the way, kind of like James Comey did.
Second, the destroy Trump media, a bunch of tinfoil hat conspiracy theorists caught red-handed, colluding with the Clinton campaign, as WikiLeaks revealed.
Also, of course, you got the unhinged Democrats, a bunch of sore losers, obstructionists at this point, who, by the way, are just bitter about the election. They never got over the fact that Donald Trump won.
Then, of course, sorry to say, you got weak, spineless Republicans, no backbone, never supported Donald Trump to begin with.
And by the way, and then you got the whole never-Trump crowd. They want relevance. They want vindication. They want to see the president fail, so they can say, "See? We told you so."
But this has now become a serious moment of truth for the United States of America. We're either going to lose to these forces and allow them to distract this president from getting people off of poverty, out of food stamps, and back in the labor force, buying homes, the president and the agenda you elected him to enact, or we can stop it right now, what they're trying to do to this man because they don't want his success. Their success -- his success is their failure.
To do this, James Comey and Loretta Lynch need to be investigated. Robert Mueller needs to go. And with all due respect, it's time for Hillary Clinton to be prosecuted.
Joining us now with reaction, the author of the brand-new book just out today, it's called "Understanding Trump, the former speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich. Mr. Speaker, great to see you.
All right, do you see what I just said, five forces at work destroying the president and that this is a clear and present danger for the country?
Let me stay on Loretta Lynch while you're there because I think this is important. By the way, I would agree. Sessions eviscerated these Democrats today. And it should be an abject (sic) lesson for every Republican. That's how you fight. That's how you stand up for truth. And I don't see -- look, I think there are so many weak Republicans, it is frankly embarrassing and pathetic on both the agenda, getting work done in the Congress, and secondly, standing up for the things that they promised the American people.
But back to Loretta Lynch. You have the tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton in a plane, totally inappropriate, possible collusion, possible obstruction. Then it gets even worse than that. She gets James Comey to take the word investigation and turn it into a matter. Later, Sara Carter, as I was explaining the opening monologue, that James Comey confronts her that she had put the kibosh on any possible indictment regardless of where the evidence led and gave him a steely, silent look, and then said, Anything else?
And that, to me -- if she doesn't get brought before a committee and investigated, we don't have justice in this country!
You know what she did for the Clinton Foundation? She was fighting Freedom of Information Act requests...
... as it relates to the Clinton Foundation!
Wow! How did she get on this?
All right, but there's three things here. And I got to go to a break. And one is it's Comey's best friend, the special -- the special counsel. Number two, hires Clinton's lawyer for the Clinton Foundation who is fighting Freedom of Information requests. You forget to mention that a number of them are also Obama, Clinton donors. And it gets worse.
All right, by the way, Speaker Gingrich has a brand-new book out. It's on Amazon.com, book stores everywhere, "Understanding Trump." We'll ask him about that. We'll also ask him why the special counsel should get out of the way tomorrow and what Republicans should do. He'll join us after the break.
And also, coming up next tonight...
The attorney general, Jeff Sessions, tears it up today explaining how damaging and dangerous the leaks out of Washington are for our national security. Newt Gingrich has reaction on that. And later tonight, Jay Sekulow, Sara Carter, Gregg Jarrett -- they weigh in on Sessions's testimony and Sara Carter's big breaking news about James Comey and Loretta Lynch, and possibly Loretta Lynch putting the kibosh on any indictment on Clinton.
Also tonight -- now, last night, we told you about the disturbing play going on in New York City depicting the assassination of President Trump. But guess what? You won't believe that taxpayer dollars were actually given to the so-called Shakespeare in the Park Festival. That and more on this busy breaking news night tonight. We're glad you're with us on "Hannity."
All right, that was the attorney general, Jeff Sessions, earlier today stressing just how dangerous, how damaging the leaks are, the selective leaks out of Washington for the security of this country.
We continue now with former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich. By the way, his brand-new book out is in book stores everywhere as of tonight, and of course, on Amazon.com, Hannity.com, "Understanding Trump."
You know, Mr. -- I think about what you just heard there, and the president's attorney mentioned that this week, the selective leaks to damage the president. To me, if the Obama holdovers aren't removed now, if the deep state, those that have been leaking, aren't dealt with and prosecuted now -- and the attorney general mentioned just one prosecution, but there are others and I think at a much higher level -- to me, they got a minnow and they really need to get the great whites.
I'm glad I can make you laugh. You liked (ph) a very colorful analogy.
But if we don't get these top people, it's dangerous.
Illegal!
You know, we know crimes were committed. One was committed against General Flynn in the violation of the Espionage Act. We know these leaks, with all of this raw intelligence, they're all illegal acts.
And I look at Robert Mueller, and I see similarities to Patrick Fitzgerald who knew on day one it was Richard Armitage. What did that go on for, three years? Here Mueller knows today there's no obstruction. Here he knows today the president was not involved in collusion. Here he knows today that he wasn't being investigated, and he's hiring all of these Obama, Clinton supporters, donors, and even Clinton's attorney to go after the president! Now -- this is bad!
And sets up a perjury trap.
So that's...
Mr. Speaker, this is a bad deal. I think there's great danger here. There's also investigative creep, as we call it. He starts out investigating one thing, it goes on for three years, he ends up with somebody falling into a perjury trap because they didn't remember, they made a mistake. Nobody gets to revise and extend their remarks, if you will.
So the question is what do Republicans do now, knowing there's no obstruction, knowing there's no collusion?
Shouldn't this be shut down?
I want to go back to one of the earlier questions I asked you tonight, and that was the five different groups that I argue are after Trump, starting with the deep state. And I want to tie it to something. You have this new book out today, and I think you have probably the keenest insight. Nobody thought that Trump would beat 16 other people in a primary. The media never thought that Donald Trump would be president. They're still in a state of shock.
But there's also a state of anger and revenge that has emerged. And now it's about them, as you've described on this program before, them waking up every day. And how can we destroy him now? Now, in the process, the American people are being hurt, the millions in poverty, on food stamps, out of the labor force.
I would like to agree with you. I respectfully disagree. There is no evidence. It gets worse and worse. Imagine for almost 11 months now the media just lying to the American people with no evidence. The people on that very committee today say no evidence of collusion, and sanctimoniously creating smoke where there is none.
But it's called "Understanding Trump," bookstores everywhere, Amazon.com. Mr. Speaker, thanks for being with us.
See you soon.
And coming up, we have a lot more on the attorney general, Jeff Sessions, and his fiery Senate showdown from earlier today. Jay Sekulow, Sara Carter, Gregg Jarrett are all here to weigh in.
Also, Sara's explosive new report involving James Comey and Loretta Lynch. Did Loretta Lynch put the fix in for Hillary? That's next.
Plus, it's the play in the park the speaker was just talking about that will make you cringe. Some New Yorkers are loving it. A rendition of "Julius Caesar" showing President Trump --
And this is a Fox News alert. We have brand-new video. Cincinnati, Ohio, tonight, where the American student, you remember him, who is now in a coma and in need of very serious medical attention. He just arrived in the U.S. after being jailed in North Korea for more than a year. If you remember, he was arrested last year, jailed for allegedly stealing a political sign. Fifteen years he was sentenced to hard labor. We're going to have an update foir you and find out more.
And also tonight, the attorney general, Jeff Sessions, he held nothing back today. He hit back hard testifying on Capitol Hill. And in an op-ed for FoxNews.com, our very own Gregg Jarrett asked this question tonight, "Where does Jeff Sessions go to get his good name back?" How about the president? Gregg will join us in just a minute.
Also tonight, though, John Solomon, Sara Carter with CircaNews.com, an explosive new report. It reads this, quote, "Comey got steely silence after confronting Loretta Lynch about Clinton's email probe." Joining us now with more, from the American Center for Law and Justice, also part of the president's legal team, Jay Sekulow, from CircaNews.com Sara Carter, and Fox News anchor, attorney Gregg Jarrett.
Sara, let me start with you because we have got to get to Sessions, but this report that is being ignored. So we have the tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton, number one. We have Loretta Lynch saying to Comey, it's not an investigation, it's a matter. And he capitulated to that. Now you're saying Comey confronted Loretta Lynch on the issue of her had already decided to put the kibosh and cover for Hillary Clinton no matter what the evidence showed, basically?
This is so amazing to me. Jay Sekulow, let's go to the legal side of this. OK, that would certainly demand an investigation into possible obstruction of justice, possible the fix was in for Hillary Clinton from the beginning. If we go back to the email investigation alone, remember, the legal standard is gross negligence. He said she was extremely careless. We already know she mishandled classified information and top-secret information and special access program information in a mom and shop bathroom closet. And of course, she destroyed such information. Two of those issues are felonies, are they not?
You had a great Supreme Court case in Georgia last year. You won seven-zero. Let me get Gregg in the segment because we have another segment with all of you. And I think Gregg this is very key because you have been focused in on 18USC-4, which of course would say that James Comey if he thought there was obstruction had a legal obligation to say it immediately.
Also the Records Act, 18 US Code 641, this was government material he leaked to The New York Times. Where is his investigation into him, and if he did it to get a special counsel who ends up being his best friend?
Real quick, is this topsy-turvy? They are investigating the wrong side, but there really is a scandal?
What, Loretta Lynch, James Comey himself? All right, we'll get back into this. More with Sara, more with Jay, more with Gregg.
And also tonight, a performance of "Julius Caesar" in New York City is now causing an outrage. Shakespeare in the Park, it features the brutal, sick, twisted, evil assassination of President Trump, lookalike. You won't believe whose footing the bill for this. Geraldo weighs in on that on this busy breaking news night tonight. We're glad you're with us.
This is a Fox News alert. New pictures, a massive fire in London tonight. And firefighters are struggling to control the blaze at a high- rise residential building. We're going to keep an eye on this story all night here on the Fox News Channel.
We continue with Jay Sekulow, Sara Carter, Gregg Jarrett. All right, Jay, let me go back to you. On all of the issues that we now know - - the president was never under investigation. There is no collusion whatsoever as it relates to Russia. Then it raises the question, why are we even in -- it looks like we might have lost Jay.
I'm sorry, that's the high-rise fire. I apologize. Why are we even in this situation where this investigation, and there is no collusion?
Let me remind our audience what they are looking at on the side of their screen. This is devastating. This is a high-rise tonight in London. As you can see, a massive, massive fire. Our thoughts and prayers go out to our friends and those people that might be at risk tonight and the firefighters who have to deal with all of that tonight.
Sara, let me go back to you. It seems now it comes down to Comey, Mueller, Lynch, and, yes, Hillary Clinton. And Hillary Clinton, it's not just gross negligence. It was beyond that. Crimes were committed. And again, if Loretta Lynch put the kibosh on it, that now puts her in legal jeopardy, does it not?
What was the percentage increase in the election season, 350 percent reported by you and John?
If you were to tell the president tonight how important it is for him to get rid of the Obama holdovers, the deep state that are selectively leaking to hurt him?
Let me go to Gregg Jarrett. We'll put up on the side. This is one of the most devastating fires I think I've ever seen. This is a high- rise. It's in London tonight. This is beyond scary, what we are seeing come out of there.
And Gregg Jarrett, I want to go to you. By the way, I thought it was great, you brought up the Ray Donovan line from back in the Reagan investigation. He's investigating, he comes out and says where do I go to get my good name back? Where does Sessions go, where does the president go considering there is no collusion, as we all have discussed? There's not collusion, and not only did he not obstruct, he said, oh, I want you to continue the investigation. Nobody obstructed. But the question is, as it relates to Lynch, Comey, Mueller, and Clinton, legally, where should we go, Gregg?
You know what's amazing --
Yes, I agree. All right guys, we should just spend the whole hour on this with the three of you because we could go all night. Again, we will come back. We'll continue. The Shakespeare performance in New York City --
And this is Fox News, we are following breaking news tonight, a massive fire in a high-rise out of London. Firefighters struggling to contain that blaze that has now engulfed this major residential building.
And also tonight, a new disgusting attack against President Trump. A brand-new production, Shakespeare in the Park, New York City, this year's play features a President Donald Trump lookalike brutally stabbed and murdered in a modern interpretation of the play "Julius Caesar." In case you were wondering, who's paying for this? You might want to check your own wallet. According to Forbes, quote, "Julius Caesar's parent company, the New York Shakespeare Festival, received $30 million from taxpayers."
Joining us now with more is Fox News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera. Geraldo, we can't not comment. I'm looking at the scene tonight, and it is one of the worst high-rise fires I think I have ever seen. And wow, what a job the firefighters in London have. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the people there. That looks devastating.
You know what is scary, Geraldo? Look at every single level of that apartment, resident apartment complex is now on fire. You've got to pray nobody is in that building right now.
It's every floor, every single floor.
You've got to pray everybody gets out of there.
And standing by it.
Yes, fake news networks. All right --
You know, Geraldo, I'm thinking about this as I watch this fire tonight. And if you just imagine for a second if this was Barack Obama and an ISIS-style beheading picture that the 11-year-old son of the president has to see. The attacks on the first lady have been disgusting and despicable, the first daughter, disgusting and despicable, I mean, all across the board, unprecedented. And if you replace the words "President Trump" with "President Obama," you and I both know the reaction in this country would be dramatically different.
All right, I've got to roll.
Listen, you've been great. Thank you so much. Our prayers for the people of London.
That's all the time we have for this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. Stay with the Fox News Channel. Tucker Carlson. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 213  ***************************************************
 
show#: 214  ***************************************************
 All right, now, here's the most important point that the media will never tell you. If James Comey did, in fact, think this was obstruction of justice and he didn't come forward, Comey could have committed a felony and he himself broken the law.
Now, we're putting up the law, the actual law, on the side of your screen. And as my colleague, Gregg Jarrett, has pointed out -- and he will be here in a minute to explain more -- if James Comey thought the president was doing something illegal, he had a legal obligation to come forward immediately!
That's not what Comey did. In his testimony, Comey says he didn't bother to tell the attorney general, Jeff Sessions, about his conversation with President Trump because, in part, well, he thought Sessions was going to recuse himself from the Russia investigation. That would not be a reason not to follow the law!
And then when Comey complained to the attorney general, Sessions, face to face about not wanting to be left alone with the president, he once again decided not to tell Sessions about his conversation with the president.
Another key major point. Comey also told President Trump he was not personally under investigation, not once, multiple times. Now, this means, once again, every conspiracy theory you have heard for month after month after month about President Trump colluding with the Russians -- the president colluding with the Russians -- is not true.
And given the mainstream media's nonstop, incessant coverage and the fact that Comey told Trump he's not under investigation, it is unreasonable for the president to say -- Hey -- you know, it's not unreasonable to say, "Everyone's claiming that, in fact, you know, I might be involved here, and you are telling me I'm not under investigation, can you just come forward and set the record straight and tell the American people the truth to clear my name because it's interfering with my job"?
Now, do you think that's unreasonable? Shouldn't the FBI director come forward and tell the truth that he believes to the American people?
But that's not all. Comey admits there was confusion between him and the president over a so-called loyalty pledge which happened at a private dinner. Now, take a look at this from Comey's prepared testimony.
"He then said, 'I need loyalty. I replied, 'You will always get honesty from me.' He paused and then said, 'Well, that's what I want, honest loyalty.' I paused and said, 'Well, you will get that from me.' As I wrote in the memo that I created immediately after the dinner, that it was possible the we understood or misunderstood the phrase 'honest loyalty' differently, but I decided it wouldn't be productive to push it further."
So was it loyalty? Was it honest loyalty? And by the way, what does this mean anyway? I could have been a ton of different things. Is it loyalty to the Constitution and the rule of law, not loyalty to the deep state, Comey -- or not loyalty to the former administration that Comey worked for? Comey even admits that there was confusion about that part of the conversation.
And there's also a glaring double standard here. Unlike with President Trump, James Comey -- he didn't write memos about his conversations with President Obama. I said this weeks ago. I think that's because Comey is planning on writing a novel or a tell-all book and probably be working for MSNBC and following probably Rachel Maddow every night. And he's a perfect black helicopter conspiracy theorist, it seems, himself.
And there's also the fact that James Comey did not require -- think of this. Hillary Clinton was not put under oath when she was interviewed about her server or that a complete transcript of that interview was said to be created. Why not? Why wasn't that done?
For example, look at what happened to Michael Flynn. Now, the guy was tarred and feathered by the press when Trump allegedly said, Well, I can hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go. You know, he's a good guy. I hope you can do this. I hope you can let this go.
Was it similar to what the president said on "60 Minutes" about the Clintons, that he, quote, "didn't want to hurt them?" That -- you know, he was basically saying he wanted to let them go.
Now, Comey apparently didn't want to hurt the Clintons, either, because remember back during the campaign, he felt it was necessary to come out and announce the FBI's findings about Hillary Clinton. And Comey laid out that Clinton had secret, top secret, special access program, classified information on her unsecure server that we believe 99 percent certainty was hacked by five foreign intelligence agencies.
But then after all that, well, he treated Clinton with kid gloves. You may remember this in July of last year.
No, that's not mishandling of classified material by putting it on a mom-and-pop bathroom closet, the server with the top-secret information on it. No, no. That's not -- or getting rid of emails, some 30,000-plus, even top-secret emails.
By the way, Clinton broke several laws, committed several felonies, but she gets the courtesy of the public announcement. But the president, who the FBI director told a number of times did nothing wrong, wasn't under investigation, did not get the same treatment. That's ridiculous, and Comey, by the way, should be ashamed of himself. This reads like a political document in every way, shape, matter or form.
Now, by the way, there's more to say in terms of the big story that we're following earlier today. Now, the media won't cover this tonight. Earlier, during a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing, earlier today, the Director of National Intelligence, Dan Coats, and the NSA Director Admiral Mike Rogers -- they threw cold water on the narrative that President Trump acted inappropriately during their conversations with him. Oh, they're saying something different.
Let's start with Rogers. While he would not comment on his private conversations with the president, he made his point crystal clear. Take a look.
Oh, why would CNN or NBC ever pay attention to that? And that's not all. Listen to the director of national intelligence, Director Coats, and what he said.
And by the way, McCabe, and Andrew McCabe, the interim FBI director, he said basically the same thing, as did others today.
All these sound bites help exonerate President Trump. They're not going to be played over and over again in the mainstream media because it doesn't fit their ideology, their liberal narrative. They are lying to you, the American people, just like they are with James Comey. They're not going to tell you he has an axe to grind. Now, keep this in mind tomorrow while you listen to his testimony.
Joining us now with reaction, is the American Center for Law and Justice chief counsel, Jay Sekulow, from Circanews.com, Sara Carter, and FOX news anchor and attorney Gregg Jarrett.
All right, Jay, let's start with you. What am I missing? Where am I right? Where am I wrong in my analysis here?
Mark Warner...
... Comey, Brennan, Warner...
... Feinstein, Maxine Waters...
... all of them...
... no evidence of collusion.
And just like with Hillary and the e-mail server. Sara Carter, let's bring you in.
I agree, total vindication.
All right, and the most -- and the most important point is a point that, Gregg, you've been making, that if Comey did claim obstruction of justice, like everybody in the media's been saying, Oh, this is obstruction -- that would have meant he committed two felonies. You're the first that I saw reported this.
... pick it up there. Stay right there. We're going to come back to whether or not Comey could have committed a felony. More with Sara, Jay and Gregg right after the break.
And later, Austan Goolsbee -- all right, he weighs in on James Comey's prepared testimony and much more tonight.
And welcome back to "Hannity," as we continue now with Jay Sekulow, Sara Carter, Gregg Jarrett.
All right, I want to go back to 18 U.S. Code 4, Gregg, the point that you made, Gregg. If Comey thought that there was any attempt to obstruct justice, it doesn't matter if he thinks that the attorney general is going to recuse himself or the deputy attorney general is only interim. He had to report immediately or he committed a felony, right?
Wow! Jay Sekulow...
... I agree with Gregg's analysis. I think the law is clear. Your thoughts.
And it's funny because you go to -- Oh, I hope that poor Michael Flynn doesn't get attacked anymore.
And you go to that, which he kind of said, Sara, about Hillary. But I didn't hear any conversation about the one law we know that was broken in all of this, which was the unmasking and the violation, the felony violating the Espionage Act by releasing raw intelligence on Michael Flynn. He was a victim of a felony.
All right, last -- last point. Rod Rosenstein, Dan Coats, Mike Rogers, Admiral Rogers, Andrew McCabe all said no one from the White House has asked to influence an investigation. They even went on, Gregg, and said things as interesting as they were never asked to do anything illegal, as Admiral Rogers says, immoral, unethical or inappropriate. All of that was said today, and none of it's getting any media play!
He just said, I hope so. I hope so.
Yes, there's not a crime of human compassion. So what you've got right now is this ongoing investigation is bad for the country, a waste of the taxpayers' money, and we need to get back to the business -- and the president's committed to doing this. He is going to fight terrorism. He's going to get this health care bill through. We're going to get tax reform. But this right now is a sideshow for no reason.
All right...
I got to tell you you are all -- you all have been amazing. And I will tell you it is pathetic how ideologically, how viciously inaccurate the media is to the American people. It is propaganda and misinformation on steroids, human growth hormone. We've never seen it before, and it's a big problem. I want to think you. Hopefully, we'll have you all back tomorrow night.
And coming up, Austan Goolsbee -- he'll weigh in on James Comey's prepared testimony. Did he show bias towards the Trump administration, a double standard versus Hillary and a double standard as it relates to other issues?
Also, Piers Morgan absolutely destroys the London mayor as to why he's not protecting the people of London. We'll get into that. We'll play you the tape and much more straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity."
So did James Comey show a blatant bias towards the Trump administration? After all, Comey did admit that he didn't take notes on his conversations with President Obama. Plus the FBI didn't put Hillary Clinton under oath. Joining us with reaction, former Obama economic adviser Austan Goolsbee, and still with us from CircaNews.com, Sara Carter.
To my good friend, Austan, glad to have you. Here's a question. Do you agree that Hillary Clinton putting top secret information and special access program information on a server in a mom and pop shop bathroom in a closet that have a 99.9 percent certainty ended up in the hand of five foreign intelligence agencies, would you say by definition that's mishandling of classified material?
Sara, is that what happened? Because apparently Austan does not read the newspapers.
Wait a minute --
Austan, you are a smart guy. It is a fact, even Comey himself admitted, that it was in a server in a mom and pop shop. And that is not - - if you can't see that's mishandling of classified material, then we can't get to second base. And if we can't get to second base, I can't ask you about the double standard.
Mishandling is actually called a felony under federal law.
By the way, Comey exonerated Hillary, even stepped on the role of the attorney general at the time, which is something he shouldn't have done. But he tells Trump privately, well, we are not investigating you. And Trump says, can you tell the public, can you tell the American people because they are believing the helicopter -- black helicopter lies in the media.
Your friend Obama set it up.
This is one man's version of events. It's a he said, he said. Go ahead, Sara.
We've got to go. I will say one thing.
No, no, he broke no law.
Excuse me, you are dead wrong. And if he did, then that means Comey by not reporting it would have committed two felonies, because he had a legal obligation to immediately tell the Justice Department. You are wrong on the law.
Comey is saying it's not true.
All right, and still to come on this busy breaking news night tonight here on HANNITY --
All right, liberal Joe Scarborough emotionally unhinged, now calling the president of the United States a schmuck. Herman Cain will weigh in.
And also tonight, Piers Morgan confronts the mayor of London right to his face over monitoring potential terrorists and how they are letting them free even when they go fight in Syria with ISIS. Brigitte Gabriel, Ric Grenell weigh in.
Welcome back to "Hannity." All right, following this weekend's past London terror attacks, Piers Morgan, he confronted the London mayor about alleged terrorists returning to the capital city from the war-torn countries, and things got heated. Look at Piers take him down.
How do not know where they are? Donald Trump, Jr., also calling out the London mayor over his feud with the president. Watch this.
Here now with reaction, from Act for America, the founder, Brigitte Gabriel, former spokesperson for the U.S. ambassador to the U.N. Ric Grenell is with us. Let me play for both of you, this is the mayor of London actually referring to moderate Muslims as Uncle Toms. Really? Watch this.
Doesn't that reveal how he really thinks rather than whatever apology he gave out later, Brigitte?
And by the way, he tells, oh, this is our new way of life. And, oh, by the way, after the attacks where people are killed and stabbed and injured, oh, London is safe. Just ridiculous.
Ric, so you have this Piers Morgan. It just made him look so stupid. They let people that go to Syria come back to London. They don't know where they are. Those would be the first people I would look at, along with this documentary. One of the terrorists with the ISIS flag, Allah Akbar, Sharia is coming to 10 Downing Street, we'll air it as you answer. Why do we even have intelligence if we're not going to go after the lowest hanging fruit, the people we know believe this?
Theresa May has not done a great job, but there's no option in the election. When you have somebody that either fights in Syria and comes back and you don't know where they are, or you have someone who is chanting Allah Akbar with the ISIS flag, Brigitte, and you don't get rid of them, you basically -- in my mind, if they act on the stated opinions and you know who they are, I say you have almost as much blood on your hands of the people responsible. Don't you?
All right, guys, thank you. And up next on this busy breaking news night tonight, here on "Hannity" --
All right, liberal Joe Scarborough called the president of the United States a schmuck today on NBC News. Now we will have more of liberal Joe and Mika's emotionally unhinged moments. That's all coming up straight ahead. And we get reaction from Herman Cain. Stay with us.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So the destroy-Trump propaganda press is unrelenting in their abusively bias, negative, and sometimes apocalyptic coverage of the Trump administration. Now for months one cable show with some of the most absurd and, frankly, emotionally a little unhinged coverage has been none other than MSNBC's liberal Joe. That's the liberal Joe show, low rated, by the way. And we are calling them out tonight. And that is our next mini monologue.
All right, so earlier today liberal Joe and his cohost, Mika Brzezinski, they continued their usual nasty coverage of President Trump, this time calling the president of the United States of America a schmuck. Watch.
Liberal Joe also took some time to bash a certain cable network that dared to report the devastation of the cultural leaks in Washington. Take a look at this.
Liberal Joe, he can critique this network or any other network, and their coverage of Washington and leaks, and so on and so forth, but liberal Joe, you really shouldn't be throwing stones from your incredibly fragile glass house. After all, liberal Joe routinely features some of the most vile, unfair, disgusting, and even emotionally unhinged coverage of President Trump. But don't take my word for it. Instead, here are some of the lowlights. Take a look yourself.
Actually, it's really funny. Joining us now, former presidential candidate, Fox News contributor Herman Cain. All right, Herman, "schmuck, thug, goon, mauling, idiot, embarrassment, liar, unbalanced, unfit mentally." Let's keep going, "political porn, rotten to the core, disgusting," just a small sampling of the emotionally unhinged coverage. But there's a certain viciousness to all this. I want to get your thoughts.
All right, Herman, good to see you. When we come back, we need your help with a very important question of the day, and yes, the Hannity Hotline is back, straight ahead.
Time for tonight's "Question of the Day." James Comey's opening statement released today, what did you think about his prepared remarks? Obviously pretty angry, bitter over being fired, disgruntled employee. And by the way, no obstruction of justice. But we want to hear from you, Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
All right, good or bad, hit me with your best shot. It's the Hannity hotline.
All right, want to say something nice, mean to me, doesn't matter. Call the number on your screen, we love from hearing from you. We take notes of what you're saying and pay very close attention -- 877-225- 8587.
That's all the time we have left this evening. And we'll see you back here tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 215  ***************************************************
 So many major news developments, new information tonight because of a mountain of irrefutable evidence. Pressure is building at this hour for the attorney general of the United States, Jeff Sessions, to now appoint a second special counsel.
Senators Chuck Grassley, Lindsey Graham, along with Senators John Cornyn, Thom Tillis, they are now joining the chorus that are demanding that Sessions now finally take action so real crimes that we know were committed can now be investigated. Take a look.
And sources telling us tonight that there is a very high probability that Sessions, in fact, will act and that he will appoint a second special counsel. This will be a huge victory for all of you, the American people. It is why we have been calling for a second special counsel for over a year.
This investigation is now reaching a new level and we're told there will be new explosive developments unfolding in coming days. In a letter to the A.G., Jeff Sessions, and Deputy A.G. Rod Rosenstein, well Senator Grassley and Graham, they explain exactly why a second special counsel is, in fact, needed. These scandals directly implicate key members of the FBI and the Department of Justice. So, it makes it impossible for those organizations to investigate themselves.
Key sections of the Grassley-Graham criminal referral against the fake news dossier author Christopher Steele, now tonight they are un-redacted and Grassley and Graham rightly are asking the DOJ to investigate Christopher Steele for lying to the FBI about his contacts with the media.
Remember, Steele was shopping the fake news dossier around to everybody in the mainstream media, all these outlets like the 'New York Times,' 'Washington Post,' Yahoo News, fake news CNN, oh, and by the way, Steele is a foreign actor in bed with phony Russian sources. Even he didn't believe what he printed in the dossier.
So, let's get this straight. There's Obama, weak on Russia's hostile takeover of Crimea, weak on Russia's support for Assad using gas on his own people, weak on Russia's election hacking warned two years before the 2016 election, and the media is only focused on Trump's ties to Russia? Mr. Obama, where were you? Why didn't you act?
All right. A lot to get into tonight.
Here with reaction, Fox News contributor Jason Chaffetz, Fox News contributor Sara Carter, Fox News analyst Gregg Jarrett, and from 'The Hill', we welcome back John Solomon.
Sara, let's start with you. Let's start with McCabe. Let's start with a special counsel now seems inevitable and how much trouble Andrew McCabe is in tonight beyond the pension.
Gregg Jarrett, there are a lot of questions legally tonight. The I.G. has no prosecutorial powers. None.
That gets into the issue of what Tillerson and Grassley were calling for and we have rightly called for. And I want you to address the wrong law that was used by the attorney general in his recusal.
Talk about Rod Rosenstein.
And deep state protects itself.
Congressman Chaffetz, I don't like -- I am a huge supporter of law enforcement. This actually hurts to talk about. This is not rank and file FBI. These are the top echelon. We rely on them. We trust them. We trust our intel community. We give them the powerful tools of intelligence.
And I'm looking at all of this and I'm saying, how could this happen in this country at this level? Forget the media. They are useless, so-called journalists are pathetic. How did we get here? How do we fix all this?
All right. John Solomon, we are not keeping it out of the discussion. I'm trying to go in chronological order here. Forgive me, it's an important night with a lot of news.
But you have now interviewed the FBI's supervisor who warned Comey that the warrantless surveillance program was ineffective, also being abused. Is that true?
He's like warned like Obama.
You know, you and Sara also broke the story, John, about the unprecedented amount of unmaskings that have taken place, if 350 percent of my recollection is right, increased during the Obama years.
Let me go back to Sara Carter.
All right. So, McCabe has bigger problems than worrying about his pension tonight. I'm hearing there may be multiple criminal charges coming down the road for him and the fact that a second special counsel is likely to be appointed in probably short order. I see that the fevered pitch is now rising in Congress. I would believe the attorney general must now act.
But, I want to ask you the I.G. report originally we were told it was about just Clinton emails and the investigation. It's that and so much more. What are we going to learn in this I.G. report, Sara?
We are running out of time.
Gregg?
Criminal investigation or prosecution.
How much pressure do your sources in Congress are they saying, putting pressure on the attorney general now to have four senators like they came out tonight as strongly as they did, and they are even now wanting a criminal referral on Christopher Steele, Congressman?
All right. John Solomon, I know we have your breaking news but you have been covering this from the get-go as well. You get the final word tonight, sir.
How right have we all been really quickly and how wrong has the media been? Real quick.
Missing in action.
And, Sara?
Yes, Congressman?
John?
All right. Well, John is a little more cautious. But it's not about who is right, it's a matter of about what is right. For this to be ignored is just -- there is no excuse for it.
All right. Thank you all.
Another big story we are following tonight, liberals, Democrats, they continue to mobilize against President Trump's pick for the CIA director. Her name is Gina Haspel.
If confirmed by the Senate, she would become the first woman to lead the CIA, to lead that agency. California Democrat Dianne Feinstein, she is now calling for the public release of documents on Haspel's involvement in enhanced interrogation and detention of radical Islamist terrorists following the attacks and the murder of 3,000 Americans on 9/11. Now, Feinstein is only the latest liberal lawmaker to question whether Haspel was too tough on jihadists.
And, by the way, it's not just lawmakers attacking Haspel.
Joining us with reaction, he is the host of 'War Stories', Oliver North.
Without enhanced interrogation, there is no bin Laden. True or false, Mr. Ollie North?
Congressman -- Colonel, rather, have you been waterboarded in your life in your career in the military as a marine that serves his country and have a Purple Heart or two, I think two?
What other way, have you somebody like KSM, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the master mind of 9/11, the worst attack in American history on our soil killing 3,000 Americans.
Obviously declaring war on this country. Is there a nice way to abstract information? If we build the soccer fields and we take care of the dietary concerns and we order personal chefs for those on the battlefield that are trying to kill Americans, is that going to work?
By the way, there is a report tonight that I haven't confirmed it that this woman did not oversee the waterboarding of Abu Zubaydah if you remember.
All right. Safe home, my friend. Godspeed.
Semper Fi. Don't forget War Stories this Sunday night 8 p.m. Fox Business Network.
When we come back, the surveillance video has been released from that Parkland school shooting. Dan Bongino, Geraldo Rivera react. It's going to shock you, that's next, and Kellyanne Conway.
All right. Breaking news from Parkland, Florida. Earlier today, exterior surveillance footage from the Stoneman Douglas High School shooting has now been released showing the immediate actions or should I say, inaction of disgraced former Broward County Deputy Scot Peterson. We have to warn you what you are about to see is going to make your blood boil.
Now, the first video we are airing right there, we'll go slow. It shows what appears to be the start of this terrible shooting. At one point, you can actually see the person communicating on his radio and then ultimately jumping on a golf cart, driving down a corridor, presumably towards the sound of gunfire.
And as you can see in this clip, minutes later, well, Peterson is outside looking at the building, utilizing his radio. And then taking up a position, as you can see, outside of the school behind a concrete wall.
Now, we're going to analyze that footage in a moment. But, first, we have more fallout from the nationwide antigun school walkouts that took place yesterday. Remember in D.C., Democratic lawmakers called for common sense gun restrictions and they showed up at this protest Bernie Sanders with armed security? That includes Bernie walking through the crowd. Look at Bernie, yes, there is he flanked by multiple armed police officers.
Don't our children deserve the same? Here with reaction, former Secret Service agent, NRA contributor Dan Bongino. Fox News correspondent at large, Geraldo Rivera. Let's rerack this video and then we'll get to the issue. Don't you think our kids deserve the same as Bernie Sanders.
We need more -- we need perimeters. We need --
We need I.D.s. We need --
Let's look at what is he doing here. All right. Now can you see -- all right. He appears to be going to the golf cart. Then is he taking up a position, if you watch this video unfold behind the concrete barrier.
Let's get your reaction, Dan Bongino. This is what you do. Every -- I have never in my life. Remember, we had reports of four people from this sheriff's department that didn't go in. But then you had the local police from the area, they ran right in. So it obviously had to be, as Geraldo was saying, part of their protocol.
Geraldo --
What other -- what other statistic? I mean, these incidents are over on average in three minutes. I don't care how great your local police response is, you are not going to get there in three minutes. I would say we need two retired conceal carry ex-military, ex-police, retired police on site on every floor at every school. And do you know what we can do? Give them a tax break? Pay no federal or state, local taxes.
This is not -- this is not --
But I don't understand it. It's not on our DNA but it's also very important to point out, Dan Bongino, this is not the 99.9 percent of law enforcement that we all know. I mean, I basically live with law enforcement. This is my family. It's my friends. That's all I know in my life.
Let's go into all this breaking news. Special counsel, McCabe, you dealt with it, we will give you the last minute.
They can't investigate themselves.
FISA, look at all -- look at what we know.
As we continue, a Fox News alert, there is rampant speculation tonight that the -- there is an imminent departure of H.R. McMaster. I have sources in the White House telling me no such thing is imminent at all in any way.
Here to shed some more light on it, special counsel to the president Kellyanne Conway is with us. I talked to a number of people at the White House, nothing is imminent. No decisions have been made. Nobody is leaving. The president said it, I saw earlier today, I believe it was from the Oval Office that nobody is scheduled to leave at all in spite of rampant wild speculation. What can you tell us?
Wait a minute, it's not Maggie Haberman?
Let me tell you this. I started the program tonight, Kellyanne, there comes a point where with all that has happened, and the special counsel and this weight that has literally been there almost from day one. And everything is now boomerang back.
We find out, what, Hillary fixed the primary. Imagine if Donald Trump did. The fix was in on crimes. We know she committed with the e-mail server. We have an I.G. report coming. Then you have this whole issue of she purchased, bought and paid for Russian lies, Russian government lies, paid a British spy for them to lie to the American people about Donald Trump, even the guy that creates the dossier cast doubt. He didn't even believe his own material.
And then it's used to get a FISA warrant to spy on a Trump campaign associate. You've lived under all of this. Where is the special counsel looking into the crimes we know were committed?
Let me play this.
No, no, no. She's -- let's play it. She said, 'Women in America, white women only voted the way their bosses, their husbands and their sons told them to vote.' You can't make this up. Let's roll the tape.
Then she drops the race card. And I'm thinking OK, what century is this woman living in, if she believes that husbands, bosses, and women's sons direct their voting habits.
Yes.
Yes. By the way --
Remember, we're all irredeemable deplorables that cling to our God, our guns -
-- our bibles and religion.
I'm guilty. All right. That's --
A very thank you, Kellyanne. A very emotional video of the day. You don't want to miss. (COMMERCIAL BREAK)
All right. Tomorrow night, we have a big breaking news story you are going to want to watch. Also all night long the phony fake news people, McMaster is out. No, he is not. They lied to you all night. We'll prove it tomorrow.
By the way, a touching moment yesterday at President Trump's roundtable in St. Louis, an emotional college cafeteria worker had a heartfelt message for the president after she received a bonus, thanks to the president's tax bill. Take a look. By the way, these are Pelosi crumbs.
Really, Nancy Pelosi? Really, crumbs? And you are a multi, multimillionaire?
Hey, don't forget my faith based film 'Let There Be Light' is now available on DVD. Wal-Mart, Amazon.com, Hannity.com. Also please follow me on Instagram at Sean Hannity on Twitter. We will always be fair and balanced. We're not them. Have a great night. But let not your heart be troubled. The news continues there she -- I'm giving you four extra seconds, Laura Ingraham.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 216  ***************************************************
 We have a big monologue on Oprah tonight. I hope you want to hear my take on that. That's coming up in just a minute.
But, first, we have to start with tonight's breaking news. Both John Solomon and Sara Carter this hour are reporting that congressional committees are now trying to determine if FBI agent Peter Strzok and his FBI lawyer girlfriend Lisa Page literally leaked information about the Russia investigation to the press.
Now, here is why: Solomon reporting that text messages between Strzok and Page appear to show that, in fact, they had advance knowledge about a Wall Street Journal article and it was about to be published.
Now, take a look at this text exchange between Page and Strzok that was obtained by The Hill. Page tells Strzok: "Article is out but hidden behind pay wall so can't read it." And Strzok responds, "Wall Street Journal? Boy, that was fast. Should I 'find' it and tell the team?"
Now, there are also other text messages about the media like this one. Strzok saying: "Yep, the whole tone in the anti-B.U., meaning the bureau, just a tiny bit from us." Page replies: "Makes me feel way less bad throwing him under the bus to the forthcoming CF article."
Wow. Now, according The Hill, Congress is now trying to figure out what the CF article means, and who Strzok and Page were trying to throw under the bus.
Now, there's a message here in all of this. Lisa Page says, "We got a list of kids with their parents' names. How many of[ this reporter from The New York Times] could be there in D.C.?"
Now, The Hill is reporting that Strzok and Page exchanged the text messages about tracking down information about a New York times reporter that they were referencing in that text. Why would they be looking into a New York Times reporter?
Page then writes: "Found what I think might be their addresses, too." And Strzok says, "He's totally shlubby. Don't you remember?"
And Strzok and Page also take horrible shots at the New York Post, colleagues Chris Wallace and former colleague Megyn Kelly, mocking the Trump Hotel in Washington, D.C. and saying they hope it fails horribly, they'd never stay there.
And both reports are now saying that because of the existence of various next messages that reference the news media, congressional investigators are now working rightly to determine if there was any improper leaking to the press about the Russia investigation. How else would you interpret those words?
Now, John Solomon, Sara Carter, they're going to be here with all the details. That's coming up.
And also tonight, members of the media, liberals in Hollywood, they are absolutely giddy tonight, over what? Oprah Winfrey's speech at the Golden Globes, which I would say was very good. Many are saying it sounded and she sounded presidential and it was a campaign-style delivery.
And according to new reporting, Oprah is now considering running in 2020. Here is the part of what Oprah said at the Golden Globes. Let's take a look.
To the media, the left in this country, Oprah apparently is their chosen one. She is the new messiah that they will blindly worship and follow like the sheep that they are.
And here is why: the media and the left in this country, well, they now seem to think Oprah is the one person that can hopefully help them fulfill what is their ultimate goal -- to destroy Donald Trump and defeat President Trump.
Just look at how the media, how transparent they are fawning over Oprah's speech. Does this remind you a little bit of the same people that never vetted Obama in 2007 and 2008? We don't know a lot about Oprah's politics at all. We know she is a very likable person on TV and pretty inspiring life story.
But watch this.
That doesn't show their bias? Oh, yes, it does.
Now, ahead of the speech, NBC tweeted an endorsement for Oprah. Look at this --" nothing but respect for our future president." NBC got called out for their massive display of bias, they deleted the tweet and quickly tried to shift blame to someone else by putting out a statement on Twitter that says, quote: "Yesterday, a tweet about the Golden Globes and Oprah Winfrey was sent by a third party" -- not them -- "an agency for NBC Entertainment in real time during the broadcast. It is a reference to a joke made during the monologue and not meant to be a political statement." Well, that's what they have MSNBC for. That they're the operative arm and basically an extension of the press office, of course, of the anti-Trump media. "We have since removed the tweet."
Really? Does anyone believe that? I personally don't. A third party agency? Are they trying to get some poor kid fired over this?
Anyway, NBC got caught red-handed and they're now trying to spin it and hope that we'll all go away.
Let's be honest here. When you are talking about NBC, they're not fooling anyone about where their politics and their political allegiances lie. Look at conspiracy theory 24/7 MSNBC. "Hate Trump, hate Trump, hate Trump, that's our programming for today. "
And NBC, like the rest of the media, they despise, they loath, they hate the president and it's not a secret. So, let's just all stop pretending because the game is over.
By the way, NBC wasn't the only destroy Trump outlet to heap praise on Oprah. Take a look these headlines. We got The New York Times, "President Oprah? After the Golden Globes, some have a 2020 vision."
Did any of the members say a nice word about Trump ever? The economy is doing better than it has in eight years. Where does Oprah stand on the issues?
And it doesn't end there. Here's what Meryl Streep is saying about Oprah.
Quote: "She launched a rocket tonight. I want her to run for president. I don't think she's had any intention of declaring. But now, she doesn't have a choice."
Poor Oprah, you're hearing that? Your life is now committed.
And others like Obama's former speechwriter, his name is Jon Favreau, he got in the action of tweeting. "Oprah Winfrey is as brilliant and inspiring as any public figure today. She doesn't directly speak to celebrity America, she speaks to America. Don't underestimate her."
At CNN, political analyst April Ryan tweeted this: "If Oprah ran for president in 2020, she is every person, she has been poor, now rich. She's also a self-made billionaire. She has a grasp of the issues as she used to cover local politics. She can articulate any issue and she has massive appeal beyond race and gender."
Look, I know you people in Hollywood and all of you in the liberal media, I know you are all intoxicated and addicted to Trump hate. But maybe you might want to put a little bit of pressure on the brakes here with your Oprah obsession. You really ready to go that deep into what Oprah speech, which I thought was brilliant in many ways.
Really? Standing ovation? A raucous applause for a child rapist of a 13-year-old who gave drugs and alcohol to?
And it gets worse. Hollywood's support for Polanski didn't end in 2003 when he got the Oscar. In 2009 after Polanski was arrested in Switzerland in connection to the 1977 case that he ran away from, he had over 100 celebrities, many Hollywood, signing a petition demanding his release.
So, like I said, it's all great. Hollywood, pat yourself on the back, 50,000 award ceremonies a year. I can't stand it or watch a second of it, but it really -- it took decades and countless people that suffered before you finally are able to do it and do it right?
Joining us now with reaction, we have the host of "Michelle Malkin Investigates" CRTV, Michelle Malkin, former White House press secretary Sean Spicer.
You know, it was 2009, Michelle, when the right -- many are signing a petition for Roman Polanski. You saw the roar and the standing ovation. I think what Oprah said was right. I think she's dead on. I have faith in her. I don't have faith in all these people racing for the next savior.
By the way, we've been family for years. You go right ahead.
Let me hear tonight's Hannity hate mail. Go ahead.
I have seen the pictures. But you have to be fair. Did she know? We don't know if she knew.
A lot of people taking pictures with me and you over the years. We don't know them.
Sean, I go back -- I felt in many ways between vetting Obama and Reverend Wright and black liberation theology and Dohrn and Ayers and ACORN and Alinsky and Frank Marshall Davis. I thought there were a few of us, Michelle I know was one. And there were a few of us that vetted him.
And then after eight years, there were very few of us that talked about, what, we had 13 million more Americans on food stamps, 8 million more in poverty, the lowest labor participation rate since the ‘70s, worst recovery since the ‘40s, lowest homeownership rate in 51 years and we double the date and he gave Iran $150 billion.
So, truth, and facts and substance matters but I kind of feel I was alone here in a lot of ways. I had Michelle like family to me, by my side and a few others. That's about it.
So, why the rush for a savior again when the last savior they chose failed so miserably?
Not at all.
They did --
Good point.
Check mate.
They did more.
You know, you had to sit in a room. I don't know how the hell you did your job for as long as you did. And I notice in an interview with S.E. Cupp, you were kind of hard on yourself and I'm thinking, you know, you really didn't do that much wrong because they were so hostile. I can't think of a moment they have given Trump a break and they gave Obama every break.
Both before, during and after.
What's your experience with the press?
All right. Last word, Michelle.
All right. Guys, good to see you. Appreciate you both being with us.
By the way, on the "Hannity" hotline, one guy writes tonight, says tonight, you'll hear it. Every time you open your mouth, Hannity, a kitten dies.
Wow, it's rough out here.
Anyway, coming up: we expose our breaking story tonight. The fake, phony, anti-Trump book the mainstream media is fawning about. John Solomon, Sara Carter, their breaking news on the anti-Trump FBI agent. Next text tonight, part of Mueller's special counsel and leaking to the press? We'll explain.
From CNN, fake news Jake Tapper rudely cutting off White House adviser Stephen Miller. The two were debating the contents of Michael Wolff's now widely discredited book. Now, Wolff himself has been making the media rounds, but even he is casting doubt on whether or not you can trust what he wrote in his own book.
This is pretty spectacular actually. Watch this.
If it rings true, it is true.
Oh, we have a new standard in journalism I guess. By the way, he writes about me in the book. I never got a phone call. Michael Wolff, hello, still waiting. What you wrote is not true.
And it's not just me. There are a ton of claims now that the book -- you know, people are now saying are complete fabrications and lies.
Meanwhile president Trump's former chief strategist Steve Bannon, he put out a statement this weekend expressing regret for comments he made in the book about the president and his son Donald Trump Jr. And Bannon says his support for the president, his agenda is unwavering and that Donald Jr. is both a patriot and good man and he went on to say that there's no collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia and the investigation is a witch hunt.
Let me guess. I bet we'll see Steve's remarks being played over and over again for 72 hours like the first remarks and "The New York Times" will put it on -- well, note, page A-28 where nobody can see it.
Joining us with reaction, former secret service agent Dan Bongino, the author of the brand new book, it's out today, it's on Amazon.com, book stores everywhere, Hannity.com, "The New American Revolution: The Making of a Populist Movement. RNC spokesperson Kayleigh McEnany is with us.
All right. We're good.
Let's start with the reaction to the book. All the facts that he is even admitting that he really didn't have right and he said this will bring down the presidency in a radio interview with the BBC this weekend.
I know from my own experience on Election Day, Kellyanne knew we could win. Absolutely never waivered. He says, oh, she was acting as though she was going to lose.
Well, he tweeted five times before.
OK.
And our breaking news. You know, you write a lot about this in your book "The New American Revolution: The Making of the Populist" -- I see this president -- I haven't changed my views since I supported Reagan, all right? I know, a little before your time. You are the next generation right behind me.
But the point is he has never wavered on his promises. We had a year's worth of incredible economic success and they don't like that he is actually standing up to murdering dictators.
Obama failed. Why can't anybody in the media acknowledge the failure?
by the way you have my sympathy.
What do you make Dan, about the Oprah phenomena? It's very reminiscent to me yes, we can, Obama, change, change, change. We had eight years of it and it failed miserably and things are working now. Why do they want a savior? Why are they so full of hatred for this President?
Does anybody even know a thing? All right. Congratulations by the way on the new book, Kayleigh, Amazon.com, bookstore everywhere. All right. When we come back our report tonight, John Solomon, Sara Carter this hour with new explosive reports on the anti-Trump agent within the FBI And new texts. They'll be joined by a lawyer, attorney, Harvard professor Alan Dershowitz straight ahead.
Fox News contributor Sara Carter and the Hill's John Solomon each out with brand-new reports detailing the ongoing allegations in the house and senate as to whether the FBI Agent, remember Peter Strzok and other FBI employees may have been responsible for media leaks surrounding the Russia investigation. Joining us to break it all down are the Hill's John Solomon, Fox News Contributor Sara Carter and along with us the author of the best seller "Trumped Up," Harvard law Professor Alan Dershowitz is with us. Let us get to the details, John, we'll start with you. Basically they are admitting when they talk about oh, they have advance knowledge of this thing, oh, the article is out but hidden behind the pay wall and then it gets -- goes through the whole tone is anti-bureau. Just a tiny bit from us page replies, then the article. Are they not referencing their leaking to the press and what does that mean? How profound is that?
I keep hearing, Sara, we'll learn a lot more between the connection between some people in the intelligence community, CIA and elsewhere about their relationships with the media. My more specific question for the moment, one of the worst parts of this is they are looking up the names of the family, the kids of a particular "New York Times" reporter? They don't like his reporting?
About what Page advising McCabe?
And this is only a few hundred texts and it is going to be slow release to these house and senate committees. 9500?
You see this type of leaking. I have followed your comments on this very, very closely. And then you see that the Trump/Russia collusion narrative is really dying and withering on a vine and now they have moved into a collective media bubble. This President, we have to go to the 25th amendment. What is your reaction to all of it?
It's not going to happen.
Nathan or Nielsen?
I read the synthesis of mind control. Everything you are discussing is all true.
By the way it's the only thing that we disagree on. You are doing it from a constitutional law perspective and the threat to the constitution. This is a clear and present danger. Let me bring John and Sara back in. You add to that when you start surveilling, unmasking, you don't minimize and then you leak raw intelligence. They did that to General Flynn and I'm sure, I will bet everything I have they said oh, you either agree that you lied to us or we're going after your son.
There was a crime there.
Death by a thousand cuts.
I agree. John Solomon, we only have a small percentage of these and I'm like wow. If we only have hundreds and there are thousands, what's next?
Great work. Thank you professor. Thank you. When we come back Tomi Lahren, she goes to the streets of California and talking to residents about being a sanctuary state. You don't want to miss these responses.
We need two or three hundred miles of that wall or else by November 2018, so people can see it and they'll believe it. Earlier the President promised to reform our immigration system that is broken. Last Monday California became a sanctuary state when the law took effect preventing state and local police about asking people about their immigration status or cooperating with federal immigration law enforcement activities in most cases. Fox News contributor Tomi Lahren hit the streets to ask residents of California what they think of this new law. Watch this.
Fox news contributor Tomi Lahren joins us, wow, that is your state, right?
13 1/2 percent income tax rate in the state. Doesn't Texas and Florida, they have pretty good infrastructure. Better than New York. Why is there that overwhelming feeling? Is this a California thing to you?
Why should they get federal tax dollars in any way if they are literally aiding and abetting law breaking as a state?
I was really interesting as I was watching this package you put together and I'm interested that a lot of people knew you, knew about Fox News, and knew our opinions. One guy in particular looks like a black shirt to me and the other guy in the gray shirt and I'm thinking how their reaction to you was and the channel was? Because they are right. There are a few of us that are conservatives that actually speak. I don't know if they ever met one before.
All right. Great job Tomi, we really appreciate it. All right. The "Hannity" hotline is next. It says every time I open my mouth, a kitten dies, wow, that is cold. Another video of the day straight ahead.
Time for the video of the day. Tonight's clip brought to you by our good friend liberal Joe and Mika Brzezinski who decided to share the terrible strife that she and all her elitist friends are forced to endure abroad. I mean the Trump presidency is so upsetting, watch.
The vapors, the horror. Mika's friends. Many European with loose immigration laws. Maybe they would take a huge chunk of your income in exchange for citizenship, is it that embarrassed. See you later. And before we go tonight, time for messages on the "Hannity" hotline. Wow, every time I speak apparently I kill a kitten. Listen.
I don't want a kitten to die. So I am not opening my mouth, because every time I open it a kitten dies. I love kittens. Not really. I love Abbott and Costello. Call the "Hannity" hotline. We want to hear from you even if you hate me, 877-225-8587. Let not your heart be troubled. That is all the time we have left. We will never be the destroy Trump media or establishment, that is our promise, here is Jesse Watters.
Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 217  ***************************************************
 He can't win! It's the funniest thing ever!
Then you remember election night? I remember election night well. I was sitting in my bed, literally tuning channel to channel to channel. After Donald Trump won, all across the television dial, it was a funeral. They couldn't believe it. It was shock and awe! Remember this?
Ah, now that shock has given way to anger and real bitterness on their part. And since that day, they have now been relentlessly pushing bizarre tinfoil hat conspiracy theories, lies, all in an attempt to take down President Trump. Don't believe me? We've got the videotape all for you.
See what's happening? They're moving (ph) breathlessly, and I mean breathlessly, the hysteria on television every day and night. They're going from one manufactured scandal to the next manufactured scandal to the next lie, and they're creating feeding frenzies all in the hopes their smears, lies, attacks are going to stick and lead to President Trump's downfall.
Now, just look at the Trump-hating Washington Post story saying that President Trump gave the Russian foreign minister and ambassador classified information while they were visiting the White House last week. OK, it was denied by the Trump administration officials who were actually in the room. But they have their sources, outside sources and sources formerly in the administration and sources from Mars, apparently.
And that's only one of three stories The Washington Post has gotten wrong in just the past two weeks. Now, The Washington Post, just like the rest of the destroy Trump media, has no credibility. And it's why our friend Newt Gingrich has very wisely said and is now saying he is, quote, "personally offended" by the American news media and that they're, quote, "disgusting and destructive."
That's the only way to describe it. The former speaker is right. And it goes along with every single thing that we have been saying on this show. And now, predictably, this destroy Trump alliance -- they're wetting their pants over The New York Times report that cites a memo, James Comey, claiming that President Trump asked the now former, fired, disgruntled, failed FBI director to end the investigation into Lieutenant General Michael Flynn. He took notes. After all, it's his word against Trump's, but the media is believing him and believing what he's saying.
Now, you got the predictably deranged Democrats, they're unhinged allies. They're not wasting this opportunity. They're now calling for President Trump's impeachment, and they know no facts. Don't believe me? Here's your honest media at work lying to you as usual.
No, actually, wrong, in spite of all the foaming at the mouth because the media and the Democrats think this is their chance, they've got to get the president now while they've got time!
Now, unlike the Democrats and the destroy Trump media and their running-wild conspiracy theories, here on this program, we actually care about truth and about facts and about reality. Donald Trump is not getting impeached over the James Comey deal.
Now, as we explained in great detail on Monday, James Comey deserved to be fired. He wasn't the so-called champion of truth. He was an utter and complete failure. He was a national embarrassment. His conduct was shameful.
We explained how he disrespected the Constitution, the rule of law, equal justice under the law for every American, how he created a two-tiered justice system, one for Bill and Hillary Clinton and one for the rest of us. Now, Comey himself laid out the case against Hillary Clinton committing felony after felony with her private email server and explained how she broke several laws with her, quote, "extremely careless" behavior. Remember, the standard is grossly mismanaged, grossly inappropriate, gross negligence. That's the standard legally. Take a look.
He described felonies! But then guess what? Comey played politics. He gives Hillary Clinton a free pass! Remember Christian Saucier? He got a full year of prison. He took pictures inside a submarine he was working on and serving on.
Now, the same goes for the Clinton Foundation. Remember Peter Schweizer? He exposed the pay-to-play schemes at the foundation and the extremely suspicious Uranium One deal. Remember? Hillary Clinton herself gave a waiver that allowed 20 percent of American uranium to go to Vladimir Putin, the real Russian connection.
The Clintons stuffed their pockets with millions and millions and millions of dollars while she was serving as secretary of state. And Comey didn't and think it was important enough to even investigate.
Then, of course, we all care about the Constitution, our 4th Amendment privacy rights. Well, we know the Obama administration, during a campaign season, 600 percent increase that they surveilled, unmasked and leaked then the name of Lieutenant General Michael Flynn. That's a felony! That's violation of the Espionage Act! In fact, it's the only crime we actually know was committed in this whole Russia conspiracy theory, and the media never talks about it.
Now, Comey once again had a reason to act, and he didn't act. Now, James Comey didn't do his job. He got fired. Now he's a bitter partisan and he's out for blood! He's a disgruntled, fired ex-employee, and frankly, anything he has to say for himself in a memo -- well, first, it's his word versus Trump's, but it's meaningless!
Donald Trump's not getting impeached over this. And it's only a matter of time. What did I say the day after he got fired? Comey will get a multi- million dollar book deal, a movie, a miniseries, primetime special, Diane Sawyer, or maybe even George Stephanopoulos. Why not go totally in for the Clintons? And probably an MSNBC contributor-ship. Now, he wants be booked on Rachel Maddow, Steve Colbert, Bill Maher, the biggest Trump haters in the country.
Now, if James Comey's so concerned about this dinner with the president, why didn't James Comey immediately go to the Department of Justice and sound the alarm? By the way, he had a legal obligation to do so. As my colleague, Greg Jarrett, pointed out, Comey may have, in fact, broken two laws by not coming forward if he thought this was an attempt at obstruction of justice.
Look at 18 U.S. Code 4. "Whoever having knowledge of the actual commission of a felony cognizable (ph) by a court of the United States conceals and does not as soon as possible make known the same to some judge or other person in civil or military authority under the United States shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years or both." Oh, three years.
And according to 28 U.S. Code 13.61, "The district courts shall have original jurisdiction of any action in the nature of mandamus to compel an officer or employee of the United States or any agency thereof to perform a duty owed to the plaintiff."
And why last week during a congressional hearing did the acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, say this?
This is so important. This Comey story is just part of the larger puzzle tonight. And this is where I want you to really pay really close attention. It is another piece. You got these five powerful groups actively trying to take down a sitting United States president. These five forces are trying to create enough confusion and doubt through their innuendo because they're trying at the very least to stop President Trump from doing the job that he promised you he would do. Now, they want to keep the current system perfectly intact because that's where they maintain their own power!
So many of you are writing me. You are worried about the theatrics, the hysteria in the media. You're worried about the Democrats calling for impeachment. You're worried about the deep state and the leaking. You're worried about never-Trumpers that now they're feeling vindication and relevancy again that I told you about.
You know, I often say on my radio show and in life, let not your heart be troubled. Here's my advice to you tonight. It's time for you to stand up and fight. You voted for the economy -- you voted for the economy and the plan to grow the economy to get people off of poverty, out of food stamps and back in the labor force and get the home ownership rate at a 51-year low back up again.
You voted for all of those things, lower taxes, seven brackets to three. You voted for extreme venting. You voted for ObamaCare repealing and replacing. It's happening. You voted for a stronger posture to defeat ISIS. You voted for a much stronger military. And more importantly, you voted to drain the swamp.
Here's my advice to you. If you voted, if this was your dream for America in November, stop wringing your hands. Start fighting for the things that you voted for. This is a real clear threat to what you wanted in November.
Get engaged. This battle is now being fought for the hearts and minds of the American people. Losing can't be an option.
And coming up, Laura Ingraham joins us next with reaction to tonight's monologue. And also tonight...
We have been saying this on this show for months. There is an effort to destroy Donald Trump's presidency.
And also tonight, breaking news. Former FBI director Robert Mueller has been appointed as a special counsel to oversee the, quote, "Russia" investigation. Maybe we'll get some answers. We'll get reaction from Geraldo Rivera, David Limbaugh.
And also tonight, former Congressman Dennis Kucinich is saying about the deep state, sounding the alarm that people in that community are trying to take down the president. Finally, a Democrat willing to address the deep state intelligence leaking. He'll join us, along with Governor Mike Huckabee, straight ahead.
This is a Fox News Alert. The Department of Justice has named former FBI director Robert Mueller as a special counsel to oversee the bureau's investigation into so-called Russian interference in the election. We're going to have analysis to this breaking news, our legal panel coming up.
But first, joining us with reaction to my "Opening Monologue," editor-in- chief, Lifezette, and Fox News contributor, also nationally syndicated radio talk show host Laura Ingraham.
You know, I don't feel -- do you agree on the five alliance people, that they're really trying to destroy the president?
Yes, no, it's interesting that James Comey may have committed a crime if he thought he was attempting to obstruct justice. Apparently, he didn't take it now. Even if he did think it, he doesn't think it now because we're reminding him of the law. Apparently, he didn't know laws about that Hillary Clinton had broken. So I wouldn't be surprised if he didn't know this one.
Look, he's bitter. He'll have his book deal, movie, miniseries, Diane Sawyer. That's all coming.
Here's my next question. The Washington Post -- let's go back to that story for just a second here because there's a feeding frenzy a day now and The Washington -- He leaked intelligence! Nobody cared about Hillary. But more importantly, The Washington Post last week got two big stories wrong about the deputy attorney general threatening to quit. He said, No, I never threatened to quit, and James Comey asking for more money...
We got plenty of money. We don't need the money. How do people see the headline, they're wrong all the time, they cheered this week when they got such a response to this...
... story. How do they get away with getting, quote -- quoted everywhere and hysteria on TV?
Yes.
Oh, I'm sure it exists. Memo to self, oh, Donald Trump said this.
No. Oh, yes, make him look -- again, he should have told the Justice Department if he thought he was attempting to obstruct justice.
Let me pick your legal mind here. With all the hysteria -- I mean, it's breathless reporting, and all the media -- I think we're the only rational, sane people now, which, by the way, will drive them crazy to hear me say that.
But here's my point. Putting your legal hat on for just a second -- there's nothing here, legally, nothing. But...
So what is the net effect of this? My argument...
I know.
He hated Trump from the beginning.
Well said. Laura Ingraham, appreciate it, as always. Thanks for being with us.
And coming up, former FBI director Robert Mueller has been appointed special counsel to oversee the so-called Russian investigation. Remember, it didn't impact one vote! Geraldo Rivera, David Limbaugh weigh in on that breaking news.
And also tonight, former congressman Dennis Kucinich sounding the alarm about the deep state and leaks coming from the intelligence community and what a threat it is to our democratic republic! He'll join us, along with Governor Mike Huckabee.
And later, Lou Dobbs is here with powerful reaction to our "Fake News Roundup," our new segment, straight ahead.
President Trump speaking earlier today. And also tonight, new developments, we're learning the Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein has appointed former FBI director Robert Mueller, he's now been appointed to oversee the FBI's investigation into Russia meddling into the 2016 election. Remember, they told us it didn't impact one vote. What impact did they have? We should know.
Joining us now, Fox News correspondent at large, also an attorney, Geraldo Rivera, and the author of The New York Times bestselling book, it's like his ninth bestseller, "The True Jesus, Uncovering the Divinity of Christ in the Gospels," David Limbaugh. All right, let's go to both of you. I think this is a good thing. They've been clamoring for it, let them get it. We know it didn't impact the election, not one vote, we've been told repeatedly. Let's get to the bottom of it, game on, let's go.
Why does it hurt politically to say were going to get to the bottom of it fairly and objectively?
In my case, he needs to govern, and this breathless hysteria that is existing and the deep state leaks, it's hurting his ability to do his job.
It wasn't him.
You're about to hate me. I've got a question. Can we open up the Uranium One deal, the real Russia collusion story? And Hillary signs off on 20 percent of our uranium going to Putin, and all the people involved in the deal sent millions to the foundation, can we look into that too?
So the answer is no. You're telling me no, Hannity. That's not a talking point.
He's right.
It's 40 years, $40 million, I think we remember that, and the blue dress, and right, Betty, I remember it all. It's a special counsel, not a special prosecutor.
So my last question for you, I think 20 percent of America's uranium going to Vladimir Putin is a big deal. That's Russian collusion and money in their pocket.
This is good to be interesting, and you know what, I think we're on the right path here. I do. And again, they told us it didn't impact one vote. Let's see what they got. It's time to put up or shut up. All right, guys, good to see you both, appreciate it.
When we come back, you're not going to believe that, a former Democratic congressman, Dennis Kucinich, says, yes, the deep state, people inside the intelligence community are trying to destroy the president. He'll join us next along with Governor Mike Huckabee. And also tonight --
Powerful commentary, Lou Dobbs with a strong message to Republicans that are weak and feckless and a spineless. He'll be here and weigh in on that in our fake news roundup segment.
Welcome to "Hannity," welcome back, that is. Former Congressman Dennis Kucinich is making major news tonight by saying the deep state is trying to destroy Donald Trump's presidency. He joins us now. He's a former Ohio congressman, former mayor of Cleveland, and Fox News contributor along with former Arkansas governor, also a Fox News contributor, Mike Huckabee. How bad is this, former Congress Kucinich?
Sir, you agree with me, this is a real danger when you have the intelligence community in the election season under the guise of national security that are spying on an opposition party candidate and transition team at a 600 percent increase rate from the years prior to the election season.
Let me just repeat what you said. You're saying President Trump is under attack by the deep state intelligence community. Fair statement?
Wow. Governor Huckabee?
Well send both of you. I appreciate you both being with us, very important commentary.
Up next on this busy breaking news night tonight right here on Hannity.
Yes, George "Clinton" Stephanopoulos, part of the destroy-Trump media with their breathless, breathless coverage of the Comey memo and the special prosecutor, our fake news roundup coming next. Lou Dobbs also here tonight.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Time for tonight's fake news roundup featuring all the usual suspects, at the same time their favorite tactics, including calls for President Trump's impeachment, questions over his competency. Here's your fake news roundup.
Here with reaction from the Fox Business Network, our sister network, Lou Dobbs. Before we do anything else, I have identified five groups of people that want to destroy this president, and you agree with me -- the media, the Democrats, the deep state, establishment Republicans that just, they can't fight over even shutting down the government, and then the never-Trumpers that want relevancy.
This is what you said last night in a powerful monologue.
Lou Dobbs, I mentioned my five groups, I think you agree. If the American people who voted for him want his agenda fulfilled, that have to go fight for it, because they are trying to kill him politically.
I was, too, pleasantly surprised.
Listen, the establishment Republicans to me, the last link, the never-Trumpers are the last link. The three gravest threats of media breathless reporting, we got him, we got him, every night. The deep state -- I'm not even worried about the Democrats as much. The deep state leaking and the media is trying to destroy this man.
As I said in my opening monologue, if it did rise in Comey's mind to obstruction of justice, he had a legal responsibility to go to the Justice Department or he is violating the law. So clearly he didn't think that, because even if he thought of, now he doesn't think it's.
I want the memos, but it's his word versus Trump's at the end of the day, and it's not enough to rise to the level. And if he's going to admit that he thought it was obstruction of justice, that means he's admitting to a crime.
Lou Dobbs, always wanting to back away from a fight, I really admire that about you. All right, thanks for being with us.
When we come back, our very important, we need your help with this, seriously, "Question of the Day," straight ahead.
All right, time for our "Question of the Day." Earlier today the president said no politician has been treated worse or more unfairly than him. Do you think? Do you agree with him? We want to hear from you. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
That's all the time we have left this evening. Thanks for being with us. Set your DVR, never miss an episode. Back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 218  ***************************************************
 Of course, congressional Democrats -- now, they're not the only ones who have endlessly every day gone after the president. Now, the destroy Trump media -- they viciously attack him day in, day out, even before he became president. Watch this.
All right, the destroy Trump media obviously -- they've also been criticizing the president for not going to the White House correspondents dinner tomorrow night. Why wouldn't you want to hang out with all those wonderful people? Now, instead, he's holding a rally in Pennsylvania because he'd rather be with the people that need his help, the people that voted for him.
And here's the president explaining that decision. Take a look.
All right, that is exactly why this channel you're now watching is so important. Why? Not just this show. We are the only news outlet in the country that is even willing to give this president just a fair shake.
Now, after almost 100 days in office, here's what we know for certain. The Democrats, the destroy Trump media -- they will do anything they deem necessary to try and damage this president and presidency. Their goal is simple. They want him out of office, and they won't stop until that day comes and that happens.
They also want to destroy anyone and everyone that works for him or dares to support him. They've even attacked his wife, his daughter, his 10-year- old child. Now, that obviously creates a huge challenge for the president.
But here's what really matters tonight. President Trump -- he's been keeping his promises to you, the American people, and checking off his list. And according to a brand-new Washington Post/ABC News poll, 96 percent of the people who voted for President Trump -- they say it was the right thing to do.
Democrats, liberal snowflakes, the propaganda media -- they can criticize the president all they want. But that right there proves that President Trump is doing exactly what he promised he would do, which is refreshing to you, the American people. It's also why this president is confident in what he has accomplished so far.
Now, here's what the president told our own Martha MacCallum earlier today about his first 100 days. Take a look.
In my opinion, the president should be happy with what he has accomplished so far because he's done it without any, zero help from Congress! Now, the Democrats in Congress -- they've shown they aren't going to cross over the political aisle to work with this president regardless of what he proposes.
Congressional Republican leaders, as well -- they clearly, pathetically were not ready to govern even though they asked for the House in 2010, the Senate in 2014, and the White House in 2016. Well, some of them did. Some of them didn't support then candidate, now President Trump.
Now, just look at the effort to repeal and replace ObamaCare. This is pathetic. For nearly eight years, Republicans said they would put an end to ObamaCare. But they were not ready to go. They didn't build a consensus bill. Nobody even saw the bill before they released it. So the process is taking such a longer period than it otherwise should have.
That doesn't mean it won't get done because, as we've seen over the first 99 days, the president intends to keep the promises he made to you, the American people. So that is the first 100 days that your mainstream alt radical left media will never tell you because they're biased, abusively so. As I've said many times on this program, journalism is dead. Now, they're in full destroy Trump mode, and I don't trust them and nor should you.
Anyway, thank you for your support with us every night.
Now, coming up, more with the breaking news, North Korea test fires a ballistic missile. We get reaction from Dr. Sebastian Gorka straight ahead.
And then later tonight--
And welcome back to "Hannity," and this is a "Fox News Alert." Earlier today, North Korea test-fired a ballistic missile. According to the U.S. military, the missile was in the air for about 15 minutes, traveled about 25 miles, and once again, it failed. It broke up over the Korean peninsula, making it another huge failure.
Earlier today, before this test, the secretary of state, Rex Tillerson was at the U.N. calling for sanctions against North Korea. Watch this.
And yesterday during an interview with Reuters, the president said this.
Joining us with reaction is the deputy assistant to the president, Dr. Sebastian Gorka. Dr. Gorka, good to see you again. Let's talk about the president's comments. A good chance we could, in fact, have this conflict with North Korea.
Your advice especially -- look, we know they have nuclear weapons. We know they don't have ICBM capability. They want it. That means they would reach the continental United States. But in the interim, they certainly can reach China and South Korea and Japan, a real, clear present danger to that region of the world.
It can't and it's more difficult, and we ought to learn this lesson as it relates to the Iranians and their pursuit of nuclear weapons. Now that they have nuclear weapons, by the way, Bill Clinton assured us they'd never get them and as he gave away $4 billion in taxpayer money, he assured us that wasn't going to happen. It happened. Capitulation doesn't work. It never will.
But what's scary is now that they have nuclear weapons, it makes it militarily that much more difficult. What are the potential options to deal with a nuclear-armed North Korea and prevent them from getting ICBM capability, knowing that this, you know, chubby despot might fire off a missile that could be blown up in the region?
Well, I want to--
That to me was the most underreported story. Now, correct me if I'm wrong. My understanding was the president was supposed to meet with the president of China at Mar-a-Lago for two separate sessions, maybe a half hour, 45 minutes each.
They both went beyond four hours, is my understanding, and they got along famously. And it was during dessert that the president told the president of China that, in fact, he had launched 59 Tomahawk missiles as it relates to Syria and the use of chemical weapons.
Then, when he goes back to China, he puts 175,000 troops on the border. And then he sent North Korean coal back and imported American coal. And we have a Chinese state-run tabloid, well known to be a mouthpiece of the communist regime in China -- they actually go as far as to warn North Korea that another provocative move -- this was before today -- the Chinese society (ph) will be willing to see the U.N. Security Council adopt more restrictive measures that have never been seen before, such as restricting oil imports from the North.
But you know, this -- you know, Kim Jong-un is willing to do this anyway in spite of that China alliance with Trump. Is this guy just crazy, or is he just underestimating?
Dr. Gorka, we always appreciate you being on. By the way, I know the left is attacking you, too. But they're also attacking the president's wife, his daughter and his 10-year-old son, so--
-- hang in there. I know -- oh, yes, I got to -- but I've been attacked for 30 years. I'm used to it. But I know he -- I know you have his full support. Thank you for being with us tonight. We appreciate it.
And up next tonight right here on "Hannity"--
Loony Democrats stooping to new lows during the president's first 100 days. When we come back, we'll play you the lowlights of this liberal lunacy and get reaction from Larry Elder and Geraldo Rivera.
Also on this busy Friday news night--
That was President Trump earlier today addressing the NRA, the first sitting president to do so in over three decades since Ronald Reagan. Later tonight, the NRA's chief executive officer, Wayne LaPierre, on this historic speech.
And Jay Sekulow, Michael Cohen weigh in on the left's assault on freedom of speech, and of course, liberal fascism.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So this Saturday marks 100 days in office for President Trump. And while the 45th president has accumulated a record number of accomplishments, in the face, by the way, of some pretty difficult, tough odds. well, Democrats, now the party of obstruction, have been in complete disarray.
Now, in case you missed it, here are some of the lowlights from the Democrats, their 100-day meltdown, we call it. Take a look.
Joining us now, Salem radio nationally syndicated host Larry Elder, Fox News correspondent, he's laughing, I think that's you, Geraldo Rivera.
Geraldo, you, seriously, you always come on this program, and you are one of my dearest friends, and you always say, oh, President Trump needs to a, b, c, and d. What about you taking on some liberals that you know? You know, crocodile tears Schumer and all these people, all the vitriol, the hatred, the mean-spirited, the obstruction that has been thrown in Trump's direction. I've never seen anything like it in my life. I never hear you attack them.
Geraldo, wait a minute though, in fairness.
We've got to call it the "Geraldo hazmat suit beer summit." Maybe you will have to broker it. We will send you and Bo in together.
Larry, the important part is we have never had for partisan reasons a Supreme Court justice that wasn't given an up or down vote. The Democrats did that. You know, Republicans they play fair. Elena Kagan vote, Sonia Sotomayor, vote. Ruth Bader Ginsburg, all leftists, liberal --
Chuck Schumer sad don't vote in the final year of a presidency. OK, we're going to sing to each other now? Larry?
One at a time, guys.
That's true.
That's Paul Ryan's fault.
What grade would you give him for the first 100 days, what grade?
I have made fortune. It's all about you. It's all about you, Geraldo.
OK.
I have got to roll, guys. You are both phenomenal. Have a great weekend.
Coming up, free speech under assault in America. And now the New York Times is actually blaming conservatives for the brutal attacks from the left. We'll get reaction, an explanation from Jay Sekulow and Michael Cohen. That's next. And later tonight --
President Trump spoke to the NRA earlier today. He is the first sitting president to do so since Ronald Wilson Reagan. Later Tonight Wayne LaPierre joins us with reaction and more on this busy news night Friday straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So once again the alt radical left is going after Republicans and freedom of speech. A "New York Times" columnist is even apparently blaming conservatives like Ann Coulter for the brutal attacks coming from the left. Now, Jeremy Peters wrote, quote, "Across the country conservatives like her are eagerly throwing themselves into volatile situations like the one in Berkeley emboldened by a backlash over what many Americans sees as excessive political correctness, a president who has gleefully taken up their fight and liberals they accuse of trying to censor any idea they disagree with."
Joining us now with reaction from the American Center for Law and Justice Jay Sekulow, the national deputy chairman of the RNC finance leadership team, personal attorney to President Trump, Michael Cohen. Good to see you both.
Jay, let me start here. I have spent a lot of time this week on this Coulter situation, campuses all across the country. The fact that conservatives, every word is monitored, every second of every day on Fox, on talk radio. I really believe this is liberal fascism and no prominent liberal ever speaks up and defends the right of conservatives to express their views.
It is interesting, on the other hand, Michael, that is, all right, you represent on a personal level the president of the United States, you work for the Trump organization. And what is amazing is they want is the right to say any and everything about the man you know and have known for decades.
And this is the thing, there is nobody, Jay, on the left. I have a couple of friends on the left that said I'm right about this. Maybe they think -- maybe they believe it, but the fact that they don't stand up for Ann Coulter.
Now, I will give you an example. I have said many times on this program I think Bill Maher is a slob. I can't stand the guy. I think he is horrible on TV. He is arrogant. He's elitist. He's condescending. But, in a weird way, good for America because if he can say all that crap on the left that he says then maybe the left won't go after conservatives and try to shut them down like they are presently trying to demolish and shut down the Fox News Channel.
There is another way, too.
But then they have the boycott thing that they do. So people are paid. This is well-funded, well-organized, to monitor every word that I say on radio and TV every day. And then if I say one thing out of place that they disagree with, politically incorrect, then they will just say, oh, let's start an advertising boycott, and that's just another background way to --
It warped.
That's a great point.
They're not going to stop. They're not going to stop. Jay, where does this end? We have got to take a break.
I'm not so sure they are ever going to feel ashamed of themselves, Michael. I wish that were true. You're assuming that --- I believe that the left has become so unhinged. They never saw this coming. They don't understand him. And they are in a complete meltdown mode and anything goes for them, meaning saying anything.
Liberal fascism is alive and well. There are groups of people, they will take everyone, every single conservative out in the meantime. Anybody around the president that supports the president.
That's true, or me or Jay or anybody. Anybody who supports the president is getting hit, and even his own 10-year-old son and his daughter and his wife. It's ridiculous.
Up next tonight right here on "Hannity."
President Trump addressing the NRA earlier today. He is the first sitting president to do this in more than three decades. Up next we have reaction from the NRA's Wayne LaPierre as we continue this busy Friday news night. Stay with us.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So earlier today President Trump traveled to Atlanta and addressed the National Rifle Association's annual meeting. Now President Trump's speech is the first time a sitting president spoke at the NRA since Ronald Reagan addressed the group in 1983. Here are some of the highlights from earlier today.
And joining us now is the NRA executive vice president, CEO, Wayne LaPierre. That was about as powerful a speech and statement that I have ever heard from any president, including Ronald Reagan on the Second Amendment. Your reaction?
It's actually very refreshing. Think the first time since Ronald Reagan did this in 1983. But, you also, as a group, endorsed him earlier than you had previous candidates. What made you so certain? And, by the way, you can check this off. Trump made another promise, one of the things that I think really defines his first 100 days is keeping his word on so many issues, big issues. Why were you so confident early on that he would keep his promise when others were doubting, fellow conservatives were doubting?
He was also right about one other thing, and that was that, yes, there has been an assault on the Second Amendment now going on for a long time. And they don't understand what most of us that are pro-Second Amendment are trained and believe in the safety and the safe use and the safe storage of firearms. And a lot on the left don't understand it.
Wayne, great day for your group. Thanks for being with us.
You are very welcome. And coming up tonight, we need your help. A very important "Question of the Day" as we continue this Friday edition of "Hannity."
Welcome back to HANNITY. It's time for "Question of the Day." So what do you think is the president's biggest accomplishment in his first 100 days? We want to hear from you. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
Can't believe, what a week. It was so slow news-wise. That's all the time we have left this evening. Thank you for being with us. Don't forget, set your DVR so you never miss an episode. Have a great weekend. We will see you back here Monday night.

show#: 219  ***************************************************
 All right, Rich Edson in Russia tonight, thank you.
Also tonight, President Trump held a joint news conference with NATO's secretary-general where they discussed other countries' financial contributions, Syria, Russia, and a lot more.
In Washington at the White House with details is our own Kevin Corke -- Kevin.
All right, Kevin Corke at the White House tonight, thank you, sir.
And joining us now with reaction, from Circa News, Sara Carter, from the American Center for Law and Justice, Jay Sekulow.
Sara, I'll get into this in more detail. It seems like, you know, the world is beginning to discover here there's no more bleeding from. Our relationships now been (ph) reestablished with countries in Europe, certainly with Israel. There won't be any more Iranian deals. And America is not going to wait and lead from behind.
You know, certainly, if, you know, Rex Tillerson and the president are talking about Putin and Russia being complicit or incompetent, one or the other, it doesn't sound like the president is deeply compromised having colluded with the Russians to defeat Hillary Clinton that that would be something they would ever say as this bizarre conspiracy theory now, Jay, has been -- been -- you know, that narrative has gone on for eight months.
You know, you've been all over the story for us, Sara, and reporting on all the issues involving surveillance and unmasking and intelligence leaking. If the Russians, in fact, had colluded with the Trump campaign, wouldn't the president be compromised and not as forceful as he has been saying that this may be an all-time low in terms of relations?
All right, let me...
Jay, I want you to weigh in on the saber rattling and the president's forceful position on North Korea. And one interesting development. You have the Chinese propaganda newspaper, the international newspaper, literally saying China might take out North Korea's nukes.
And then they're sending (ph) back coal and importing American coal. So there seems to have been some breakthrough with China in this meeting at Mar-a-Lago over the weekend.
He can't get ICBMs.
Can't happen.
All right...
All right, guys. Thank you both for being with us...
... on this busy news night.
When we come back, President Trump -- he's now showing the world that America does mean business, leading from the front, not behind. It's making some enemies nervous. That will be tonight's "Opening Monologue" in our next segment. We'll also get reaction from Dr. Sebastian Gorka.
And later tonight...
All right, cue the "Twilight Zone" music. The alt left propaganda destroy Trump media continues to peddle their bizarre conspiracy theories. Piers Morgan -- he'll join us with reaction tonight. All of that, plus Maria Bartiromo. We'll talk more about her exclusive with President Trump from yesterday and much more straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So after eight years of timid, weak and feckless leadership, America is now back on offense. And as a result, we're are seeing major adjustments from both our allies and our enemies. And that's tonight's Opening Monologue."
President Trump is now orchestrating a very profound and dramatic shift in how America leads on the world stage. It continued earlier today when the commander-in-chief held a joint news conference with NATO's secretary general while the president talked about member countries contributing their fair share of money to joint security, and he pushed for a stronger focus on the issue of terrorism.
Also today, after the Trump administration has repeatedly condemned Russia over the Syria chemical weapons attack, well, the secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, he was in Russia meeting with his foreign diplomatic counterpart and with Vladimir Putin. And in response to the growing threat of North Korea developing a nuclear weapon, well, the president has ordered what he is calling an armada to the region in a major show of force.
Here's the bottom line tonight, It's very simple for the world to understand: There is a new sheriff in town, and the world is beginning to take notice. Now, I'm calling it the "Trump Adjustment Syndrome," because after eight years of weakness and appeasement, well, the world is not used to seeing strength and the U.S. now is leading from the front and not from behind.
And global leaders have grown accustomed to America not saying, for example, "radical Islamic terrorism" and America cutting deals with rogue nations, the number one state sponsor of terror like Iran, and the flat-out betrayal of one of our closest allies, Israel. Instead of taking a tough stance with Russia from the start, like what President Trump is now doing, the world was used to and saw Hillary Clinton offering to reset relations. You may remember this.
All right, we all know how that turned into a complete and utter failure and disaster. And then instead of pushing the Russians to change their behavior, well, the world watched as President Obama offered them more flexibility. Remember? Tell Vladimir this. Take a look.
Barack Obama, he gave Russia space to operate. And guess what Vladimir Putin did? He took full advantage and ended up walking all over him.
But now that President Trump has restored American leadership on the world stage, well, countries are having a hard time adjusting, and he's making guys like Putin, Kim Jong Un, Bashar al-Assad, radical mullahs in Iran, a little bit uneasy. Now, it's time for them to realize that the old ways of doing things is over.
Now, soon enough, they'll understand very clearly America's back and this landscape is now changed. And President Trump, he's also showing that in some cases, America has a moral obligation and duty to act in the world. That's why he responded to Syria's use of chemical weapons with a targeted and proportional military strike.
Now, I know his actions in Syria is causing some saber-rattling and this criticism of what America's role in the world should be. But to those of you who disagree, let me ask you this question: Should America, the United States of America, sit on the sidelines while innocent men, women and children are gassed to death with chemical weapons? Should we really let what happened there, you know, keep going on? Or should we try and use America's might to stop evil in our time?
Now, President Trump made the right decision. He drew a line in the sand with Syria and letting Assad know that the use of chemical weapons will not be tolerated. So to the detractors out there, the commander-in-chief, he's made it clear: There will not be American boots on the ground -- that was a campaign promise -- in Syria or anywhere else for the time being.
Now, take a look at what he told our friend, Maria Bartiromo.
Now, Maria will join us later in the show.
Look, I understand, America cannot be the world's policeman, we can't rush into every single crisis all around the world. This is a seven-year civil war, we're not going to solve all those problems. But if America doesn't lead and take a moral stand, who will?
Joining us now with reaction, the deputy assistant to the president Dr. Sebastian Gorka. You know, Dr. Gorka, I have friends of mine, very well- intentioned, and they are not happy that the president used force here. And I said to them, you know, if we allow Bashar al Assad to use chemical weapons against men, women and children, this could develop into a modern- day Holocaust.
I'd be very surprised if Bashar al Assad uses chemical weapons again. So that will have been a good thing we have done to prevent innocent people from dying the most horrific death ever. And that's evil in our time.
Let me ask about Russia. And Vladimir Putin was not going to meet with the secretary of state, but ended up meeting with him. How do you interpret that? And was the message clear that they are complicit or incompetent in controlling what Assad is doing?
We seem to be seeing some fruit being borne from the relationship now with China, which, apparently, the president and the president of China were supposed to meet for one hour, ended up going, according to reports, five, five-and-a-half hours. But we know that the communist -- Chinese communist newspaper, their international paper, actually said there is a bottom line here as it relates to China's relationship with North Korea. They recently sent back coal that they'll now be importing from the United States. They're willing to talk about trade negotiations and adjustments.
But I think the most important thing is the editorial in that -- in that the Chinese Communist Party paper actually said they will launch their own attacks on North Korea's nuclear facilities. How do you interpret that?
I agree with the world on fire analogy, but it also created an opportunity where Sunni nations like Saudi Arabia aligning with Israel, the Jordanians, the Egyptians probably wouldn't have happened had Obama not betrayed Israel, given this horrible deal to Iran and the possibility of Iranian hegemony in the region. So maybe a lot of good came out of that and maybe even a breakthrough with China. Time will tell.
King Abdullah, yes.
The crown prince.
I don't ever get tired of winning. I don't think anybody's going to get tired of that.
Dr. Gorka, good to see you. Thank you.
And up next tonight on this busy news night here on "Hannity"...
Trump derangement syndrome at NBC News, peddling one conspiracy theory after another. Piers Morgan reacts. That's coming up next.
And also later tonight...
Well, there goes that Russian conspiracy because President Trump calling out Putin for supporting Assad during his interview with Maria Bartiromo -- she'll join us next coming up straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So day after day the alt radical left, destroy-Trump propaganda media has showed their true colors especially over at NBC. Let's take a look at just a selection of the bizarre, weird, out of line conspiracy theories and insults. This just aired last night, this is one night only.
Joining us now with reaction is the U.S. editor at large of DailyMail.com, Piers Morgan, who used to be a competitor. How are you sir?
I'm glad.
Come on, it wasn't that bad. I love the "Daily Mail." I love the way you guys do news. You cover a lot of U.S. news, and the format is better than 90 percent of newspapers.
A lot of gossip, I like gossip.
So for eight months here in America, you know Donald Trump, you don't always agree with him but you like him. Do you think he is mischaracterized by the media.
Two decades.
You won.
People don't see the fun. If you're with him --
He's a comedian.
When you combine background and experience in print with the years you spent in television, and you've watched some of this, for eight months they've been advancing a conspiracy theory that Russia and the Trump campaign colluded to help him get elected. Now they are actually saying that Putin and Trump, they got together and they decided OK, we'll launch the minimal amount of chemical weapons. Trump can respond and distract the media from the Trump-Putin conspiracy with no evidence after eight months.
I can't say it as well as you, utterly ridiculous.
This is NBC News.
They're attacking his 10-year-old son. They're attacking his wife, they are attacking Ivanka, they're going after women. To me it is just a new low. I said the words on this program often, journalism is dead. And I really believe that. I believe America has an information crisis when major networks buy into bizarre conspiracies.
James Clapper, James Comey, Admiral Rogers, there is no evidence.
None.
And Russian.
OK, Piers stays with us. And coming up also in the next segment, right here.
Would he say that if Putin had the goods on him? When we come back, Maria Bartiromo joins the debate. And we'll show some of the interview she had with the president. That and more, Piers Morgan stays, as we continue on HANNITY straight ahead.
That was President Trump during his interview with Maria Bartiromo where he addressed the ongoing crisis in Syria and slammed Vladimir Putin for his support of president Bashar al-Assad.
Joining us now, the host of "Mornings with Maria" on our sister network, the FOX Business Network, Maria Bartiromo, and Piers Morgan stays with us. Piers, said something, we all know the president, we've known him for years. And when you're with him, do you see the guy that I see, which is fun, smart, engaged, wanting to succeed? He does not like failing at all. He wants to win, he's serious about that. Is that what you see?
I thought you got a lot of news out of him, especially on Syria, with all the conspiracy theories which we were talking about Russia, it's kind of interesting he's taken on Putin to such a high degree, and if Putin had the goods on him I doubt he would be doing it.
He did.
Talk about the authenticity, though, he doesn't hold back. He was with the secretary general of NATO today, and he was like you guys have got to pay more. And he said again, you guys have got to pay more. And I thought those were good things on his part.
But let me move forward to the Syria issue. I actually have friends of mine who are at odds with me. I think if you see moral depravity and evil in your time, I don't want America to be the world's policeman, I don't want an occupying force. But I do believe America should be using moral power and authority.
Your prime minister doesn't want to join forces.
Do you agree with my monologue from earlier where I'm suggesting the world is going through a little adjustment period, not leading from behind, leading in front, America once again reestablishing its position in the world.
I don't think he'll use them again.
No.
It's 18 feet long, two feet wide, 1,000 pounds of munitions, 59 out of 60 hit their target, would you want that? I don't think I would want to face that.
I agree.
We need Great Britain. Our relationship now will be stronger again as with our relationship with Israel.
Look at the people who are against it -- Moscow, Damascus and Tehran, and who cares about North Korea, although they are saber rattling as well. Piers, good to see you. Thank you.
The president is not slowing down, and lawmakers in Washington, they better now get on board. We'll explain. That's coming up next straight ahead.
That was more of President Trump in his exclusive interview with Maria Bartiromo where he doubled down on this promise to repeal and replace Obamacare, tackle large-scale tax reform, and of course build a wall on our southern border.
On this show we have long promised to hold Washington accountable. Congress needs to step up, catch up to the speed of Trump and get something accomplished. It's infuriating.
We continue with the host of "Mornings with Maria," host Maria Bartiromo. This was such a wide-ranging interview, a lot is contingent on health care first because there's $1 trillion in savings that goes right into the economic plan that he's going to lay out. That's a big deal, that's a big piece of that puzzle.
My criticism is they didn't share the bill with leadership, didn't share the bill with anybody. They didn't build consensus. You've got moderates, you've got the study group, you've got the Tuesday group, the Saturday drinking group, you've the Freedom Caucus. I'm making up the Saturday group.
But all these different factions, and I don't think they can do this in the future. They've got to build consensus behind closed doors, no intramural fighting on to cable television.
The other thing, there was a story yesterday that some Republicans don't want to fund the border wall. Democrats are threatening to shut down the government. When they get back on the 24th they've got four days. They will probably go with a continuing resolution I suspect. They have four days before they face a government shutdown. It would be better to bring back Congress, pass the health care bill next week, show America they are actually working.
He doesn't have half his government that needs confirmation.
Don't you agree, though, it's kind of inexcusable. The Republicans, they wanted the House in 2010, they got it, the Senate in 2014, then they get the White House. They weren't prepared for repealing and replacing? It's inexcusable.
I'm hearing there's a lot of progress. I think their down to one issue which has to do with waivers. Not the community rating, that's been resolved.
Honestly, that was a great interview. You got so much news of the president, timely. Thanks for sharing it with us. We appreciate it.
And up next, we need your help, a very important "Question of the Day" straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Time for our "Question of the Day." So do you think President Trump has now restored America's reputation in the world? Yes, I think so. America's leadership on the world stage is pivotal. And it's just going to take a little time for some of these countries like Tehran and North Korea and Russia and Syria to understand what's happening. Anyway, go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
That's all the time we have left this evening. Thank you for being here. We'll see you back here tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 220  ***************************************************
 The GOP nominee fights back against unprecedented liberal media bias.
Newt Gingrich is here to react to it all.
Then new leaked e-mails show a top Clinton ally calling the e- mail server set-up "bleeping insane."
Jay Sekulow and Lisa Boothe -- they'll both weigh in.
Plus, Donald Trump reaches out to African-American and Hispanic voters.
Dr. Benjamin Carson is here with reaction.
"Hannity" starts right here, right now.
And welcome to "Hannity." And tonight, there are just 12 days left to stop the Obama-Clinton machine, and WikiLeaks has dropped a major bombshell that could dramatically change this race. A newly released e- mail details how Bill Clinton used his family foundation to line his own pockets with tens and tens of millions of dollars.
Here with all the details tonight is FOX's own Ed Henry. Pretty big blockbuster tonight, Ed.
Yes. And by the way, we got to remember your question. You said, Did you have your server wiped clean? And she goes, Ed, you mean like with a cloth?
Well, we now know it was BleachBit, an acid wash.
But I want to go -- This whole thing is bleeping insane, the one individual you quoted as saying also, I was told everything was taken care of.
Being taken care of kind of fits into the BleachBit narrative that they wiped it out, that they eliminated it and got rid of the problem. Isn't that almost an admission, potentially, of guilt because, correct me if I'm wrong, weren't those e-mails all subpoenaed by that point?
You know, there's also some internal in-fighting here. Long-time Clinton aide, the head of the Clinton Foundation, this guy Doug Band -- he's responding to Hillary Clinton -- I'm sorry, Chelsea Clinton's suggestion that they were making money off their proximity to Bill Clinton. He writes a pretty fierce e-mail back. Now, we're talking about $116 million that he's lined up on the books for the Clintons. That's a lot of money.
I agree. I actually agree with that.
Yes.
Oh, and he's mad he didn't get a cut of that, he complained back. All right, Ed Henry, thanks so much for being with us.
All right, RNC chairman Reince Priebus is reacting to these new revelations about how Bill Clinton is making all of this money by saying, quote, "This memo is the smoking gun of how the Clintons use their foundation to create a massive for-profit paid speaking, consulting business all to enrich themselves."
Here with reaction, the author of the best-seller "Treason," former speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich is with us.
We're talking about $116 million. I want to put these revelations next to an AP story that said, remember, 55 percent of individuals that got to see Hillary when she was secretary of state were either donors or people committing money to the foundation.
Now add that to the Haiti story. They raise this money, separate list for foundation donors and friends of Bill so they can cash in on the contracts after 150,000 people died and they raised money and they would be first in line to make more money so they could funnel it back to the Clinton Foundation.
How does this not get picked up -- how is this not Watergate in the minds of the rest of the media?
Well, wait a minute. I beg to differ. On, no, they're a law enforcement organization because if you did it, they would have impaneled that grand jury right now. If I did it, that grand jury would be impaneled right now. Therein lies a big problem with have with our Justice Department.
And yet she could be elected president.
And yet according to polls, she's in this race.
In 12 days, she could possibly win this election. What does that say?
All right, we'll take a break. We'll come back. We have more with Newt Gingrich right after this break.
And also coming up tonight...
Greatest pile-on in American history, Donald Trump slamming the out-of-control left-wing mainstream media. Newt Gingrich will weigh in on that.
Plus a quick programming note. Be sure to tune in tomorrow night 10:00 Eastern. Donald Trump will be our guest. Again, that's tomorrow night at 10:00.
We have more "Hannity," though, coming up straight ahead.
That was Donald Trump slamming the liberal mainstream media at a campaign stop. That was in Springfield, Ohio.
But that's not all. During a sitdown interview with ABC's George Stephanopoulos, Donald Trump explained just how unfairly he is being treated by the liberal press. Take a look.
And we continue with former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich.
"The greatest pile-on in history" -- in many ways, you know, we've discussed, for example, last night we've learned Wikileaks that a lot of these reporters, mainstream media, they're being wined and dined by the Clinton campaign. And this is from ABC, the Associated Press, Bloomberg, CBS, CNBC, CNN, MSNBC, The New York Times, Politico, The Hill, The Wall Street Journal!
I don't want to be. I really don't want it!
But let me tell you one other thing! I've never been to Mar-a- Lago. I've never stayed in a Trump hotel. I've never been to a Trump golf course, and never been invited there, either. Everyone hates me, I guess! You know, what's up with that? I'm beginning to get a complex.
I'll pay my way. I don't need anything for free.
I actually have -- and this is actually signed by Trump. This is his "Contract With America." Now, he talks about six measures to clean up corruption, drain the swamp, as he calls it, special interests, seven actions to protect American workers, five actions to restore security and constitutional rule of law, middle class tax simplification, Ending the Offshoring Act, American Energy and Infrastructure Act, School Choice and Education Opportunity Act, Repeal and Replace "Obama care" Act, Affordable Child Care and Elder Care Act, Illegal -- End the Illegal Immigration Act, Restoring Community Safety Act, Restoring National Security Act and cleaning up corruption in Washington.
There are two pages. I've put it up on my Web site, Hannity.com, and people say he's not substantive. They don't want to cover the substance of Donald Trump. They don't want to cover this. And maybe he needs to do what you did when you were running, pull it out of his pocket in every interview and say, This is what I'm going to do. I don't want to talk about A, B and C, what you want to talk about.
All right, can only hope so. Twelve days to go, Mr. Speaker. Appreciate you being with us.
And coming up -- newly released Wikileaks e-mails show that Clinton aides - - they were shocked, they were appalled by Hillary's private e-mail server. We'll check in with attorney Jay Sekulow, Lisa Boothe. They'll weigh in.
And also later tonight...
More substance ignored by the mainstream media. Donald Trump unveils his new deal for black America. We'll remind (ph) you what Dr. Ben Carson, A.J. Delgado have to think about it. That's also later tonight.
All right, that was Donald Trump earlier today talking about the damning new Wikileaks revelations. Now, as Ed just told us a few moments ago, one e-mail released today was from the president for the Center for American Progress. The co-chair, of course, is Clinton's transition team, Neera Tanden.
Now, she wrote back in July of 2015, quote, "Do we actually know who told Hillary she could use a private email? And has that person been drawn and quartered? Like, this whole thing is insane." I didn't say the other word.
Anyway, joining us now with reaction is the author of "Unholy Alliance," from the American Center for Law and Justice Jay Sekulow, and Washington Examiner contributor -- by the way, now a part of the FOX News family -- Lisa Boothe is with us. Guys, good to see you both.
Jay, I have not sensed from you real enthusiasm for Trump. Why?
Well, wait a minute.
In fairness to him -- and this is really, I think, an issue that involves the narrative of the news media. He came out with Trump's contract with America, detailed, substantive. I'll give you some other details. We know he is going to drop the corporate tax rate down to 15 percent. We know he's going to extremely vet refugees. We know he's going to build a wall. We know he's going to eliminate, replace Obamacare, health savings account. We know he'll say "radical Islam," and you saw the list of Supreme Court justices. That's an issue near and dear to your heart.
So you know, help me out here.
All right, maybe that's true.
I'm a talk show host.
I've been on radio 30 years. It's my 21st year on FOX. This is what I do. He's a business guy.
I'm not sure that the public, the voting public -- Lisa, jump in here -- is going to judge him on the standard of whether he can rattle off, you know, exactly his agenda in 30 seconds like a professional talk show host could.
Well, let's talk about that.
And Jay, they're admitting they know that this entire issue is corrupt. In all these different e-mail that went back and forth, they knew it was...
They knew the Clinton Foundation issue. They understood it.
All right, last word, Lisa.
All right, thank you both. Appreciate it.
And up next tonight...
... right here on "Hannity"...
Donald Trump breaking new ground, laying out his, quote, "New Deal With Black Americans." Dr. Ben Carson, A.J. Delgado -- they're here next.
And later, more of the millennial town hall that we taped in Vegas with Donald Trump, Jr., Eric Trump, Lara Trump. And you'll also meet two conservative students who say they've been harassed for their conservative views.
That's straight ahead.
Here now with reaction, former 2016 GOP presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson and Trump campaign adviser, senior adviser, A.J. Delgado.
All right, Dr. Carson, three big promises -- safe communities, great education, high-paying jobs. If you look at the numbers and break down issues economically in the black community, they have been disproportionately impacted by violence, by a bad educational system, and the lack of economic opportunity. So this to me seems to be -- must be a long standing promise that Republicans should be making every year, not just campaign years.
Well that's what your mother did for you.
Dr. Carson, your mother took you off the streets and your friends, and she said you got to read. You've got to study. And took away your games and your TV and, you know, look at what you became, one of the best surgeons in history.
If you look at the eight Obama years, and I talk about the horrible economic statistics, doubling of the debt, one in five American families, nobody is working, 13 million more Americans on food stamps, 8 million more people in poverty. Blacks, Hispanics have been disproportionately negatively impacted by liberal policies. But every four year inner city America, in come the Democratic Party, we need your votes, and by the way, those rascally Republicans, they're racists. Don't vote for them. Same strategy, no impact in their lives.
This is the key question then. Then why every four years disproportionately -- there was a Rasmussen poll out October 25th. Trump has 16 percent support from black Americans, almost triple the amount that Mitt Romney had. But why still such a low number? In other words, Democrats seem to have a lock, a monopoly on the demographic groups. Why?
What do you think, Dr. Carson? You look at all these polls. We see all of these balls up in the air, WikiLeaks, more Project Veritas. My question to you is, do you believe these polls are wrong? Do you think there's going to be a Brexit effect? Do you think there are people that aren't going to admit that they're going to vote for Donald Trump? You're out with him on a pretty regular basis.
I love when you say "full of crap." Now you sound like me. Being a talk show host is in your future, what do you think, A.J.?
He's got to run the table, though. He's got to get Florida, Ohio, North Carolina. He's got to make sure he gets Utah, which is amazing, Arizona, Nevada, and then he's got to pick up, a New Hampshire, including Indiana, and then he also has to get Iowa. It's a tough --
All right, thank you both.
And up next tonight right here on HANNITY --
And $1,500 bucks and an iPhone? Donald Trump talking about how terribly his supporters are treated on the campaign trail. Up next, we're going to play you more of that town hall we had with conservative millennial voters. You're going to hear from two amazing college students who say they have been harassed for their conservative views, as HANNITY continues.
Donald Trump last night talking about the coordinated mistreatment of Trump supporters all across the country. Now, for the past few nights we've been showing you parts of the conservative millennial town hall that we did last week Vegas with Donald Trump Jr., Eric Trump, his wife Lara. And tonight you're going to meet two college students. They say they have faced discrimination on campus. Why? Their conservative beliefs. Watch this.
Joining us now is Dominique Blair. She is an African-American Trump supporter, born and raised in Compton, in L.A., Los Angeles. And you're facing a backlash in your community. We'll get to that in a second. And also joining us, Hailey Nieves. She is a student at UCLA?
That's awesome, and a Trump support are. And you said anti-Trump protesters crashed an event that you were holding and they were stomping on the American flag?
Wow.
You're really can't. As Don was talking about earlier, that's really said, especially where there should be a bastion of freedom of speech on a college campus and the free and open exchange of ideas, that's not happening. Tell us why you have decided to step out and say, all right, this is the person you want for president. Why?
Dominique, how are you? By the way, I love that cross. That is really pretty.
Thank you so much for being here. Tell us what happened. How are you being treated?
And just for saying you support Donald Trump and you want to have a peaceful, reasonable exchange of ideas.
And you were treated that horribly. What is important to you? Why do you like Donald Trump? Why is he your choice?
You mean you don't support giving the Iranians $150 billion?
And you believe we should say the words "radical Islam"?
And vet refugees that grow up in countries that teach sharia?
Dominique will be hosting the rest of the show.
I really feel bad when I hear stories like yours, both of yours, because you're entitled to your belief system. And it's like we're under assault. How dare you think differently than another person or think for yourself independently. Have you had a positive experience where you can change other people's minds?
There is something rewarding about that right? There's something rewarding when you can make intelligent arguments and somebody says, you know what, I think you're right.
Isn't that great?
One of the things that has shocked me in the course of -- this is my 30th year on radio. Some of you weren't born yet. It's my 21st year on the Fox News Channel. Thank you.
One of the thing that has really surprised me is Social Security will be bankrupt in 18 years, Medicare is headed for bankruptcy, Obamacare has spiraled down, no promise that they've made. There is no Social Security lockbox. We have more debt accumulated in eight years than the previous, you know, 200 and whatever, 43 presidents combined. And I'm shocked that so many people maybe in your generation, so I believe, they seem to have faith that the government is going to solve their problems. Where did you develop this sense that it's not the government's role to take care of your breakfast, lunch, dinner, health care, daycare, government car, government house, government cheese, government everything? Where did you get the independent mindset that we live in freedom, and with freedom comes responsibility and opportunity?
I bet you're proud of him, right?
Here's an amazing thing. I doubt either one of you thought you'd be in a millennial town hall with hundreds of people sitting next to Don Jr. and Eric, did you?
It's a great country, right?
There is hope in just a few days. Everyone here going to be voting, I hope?
Thank you both. You're very inspiring.
And coming up, we need your help, a very important "Question of the Day" straight ahead.
Time for the "Question of the Day." Donald Trump, he says the media coverage of him is the greatest pile-on in American history. What do you think of those comments, especially in light of WikiLeaks, the collusion with all the big media outlets and the Hillary Clinton campaign?
By the way, November 9th, we're going to start a campaign to expose this media like you've never seen before, win, lose, or draw. That is a little sneak peek of coming attractions.
Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
Quick programming note, tomorrow night, 10:00 eastern, the Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump will join us with only 11 days to go tomorrow night at 10:00. Thanks for being with us. We will see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2016 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 221  ***************************************************
 Then Hillary Clinton has multiple coughing fits all on the campaign trail. Laura Ingraham and Herman Cain weigh in.
And Hillary Clinton is also in hot water after the FBI releases documents on its investigation into her private e-mail server. David Bossie, Doug Schoen, Larry Elder react tonight.
Plus, Donald Trump delivers a powerful speech to African- Americans in Detroit. We'll check in with the Reverend Darrell Scott and Sheriff David Clarke. They join us, plus all of that and we speak with WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange.
"Hannity" starts right here, right now.
And welcome to "Hannity." Tonight, with just nine weeks to go before the general election, Donald Trump is now surging in new national polls. In a CNN/ORC poll out today, Trump is now leading Hillary Clinton 45-43 in a four-way race among likely voters. And according to the same poll -- look at this -- Trump has a commanding lead among independent voters, topping Clinton 49 percent to 29 percent in a four-way race.
And the latest Fox News poll shows a very close race, Clinton and Trump in a dead heat in a four-candidate contest, with Clinton's small lead now falling within the margin of error.
Now, here's what's interesting. When it comes to key swing states, a Reuters poll now shows Trump leading or in a tie, for example, in Iowa. Trump is beating Clinton 44-41. Maine -- when has a Republican competed in Maine last? Trump and Clinton are tied 42 percent.
There's a very close race going on in Michigan. Donald Trump is leading 42 to 41. In New Hampshire, Trump is up 45-44. And over to Ohio, the -- no Republican has won the White House without the Buckeye State. Trump is up 46 to 43.
Look at this. The state of Wisconsin is all tied up. Trump and Clinton both have 38 percent. And with the polls now showing this race tightening, Donald Trump is campaigning very hard. By the way, if anyone is low energy, it's not Jeb Bush. It's Hillary Clinton.
Look at Trump.
Here now with reaction, former speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich. All right, these polls are very reassuring. We got -- you're smiling. That's never a good sign. We got a lot of game left to play, but certainly in the last three-and-a-half weeks, things have changed.
You know, it's amazing how immigration and the issue of refugees-- it's always peace and prosperity that drive elections. It's big here. I showed on the air last week that Hillary Clinton has flip-flopped on driver's licenses for illegal immigrants. On building the wall she's flip- flopped. On sanctuary cities, she's flip-flopped. On welfare and health care benefits -- she's flipped and flailed all over this.
Watch this. You were there. You're in this video in 1995. Listen to Bill Clinton talking about immigration.
Kind of sounded a lot like Donald Trump, don't you think?
We'll play this again tomorrow, but I've got Hillary flipping and flopping and flailing like, you know, John Kerry -- I voted for $87 billion before I voted against it -- on everything involving immigration.
Let me go to this other issue. You and I have discussed at length for years the need for the Republican Party to reach out, in particular to the black community, where under Obama, there's been a 58 percent increase of black Americans on food stamps, millions more black Americans now are out of the labor force, and in poverty, a 20 percent increase, black Americans not participating in the labor force.
Jesse Jackson -- they ran this ad about Trump and the KKK and the Confederate flag, but this is what Jesse Jackson said about Trump. Does this help Trump?
1999. I've been to Trump Tower. I see the people, the diversity of people that work there. I think that kind of takes the sting out of that phony race-baiting ad that Hillary's campaign is using.
Well, let me ask this.
All right, Clinton aides -- 327 times, they didn't remember information about the private e-mail server -- 327 times! Hillary couldn't remember 40. One of the excuses she made is, Well, I didn't know if I was briefed because -- and we'll get into this later -- because I had a concussion in 2012.
Now, I want to say that in light of -- here's the media on her plane, and these are the questions the media -- the real tough questions they've been asking her.
So she can't remember. She says her concussion caused her to forget all of these horrible things about her. And I'm thinking, You can't come up with a better question than that, or the pay-to-play scandal and the Clinton Foundation?
All right. I got it. You're on your "A" game. Welcome back. I know you were on vacation. Thanks for being with us.
And up next tonight right here on "Hannity"...
Hillary -- yet another coughing fit, four minutes, 22 seconds, and she finally took a couple of questions from the press, but they were all softballs. Herman Cain, Laura Ingraham weigh in next.
And then later, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. He said he's going to be releasing significant information about Hillary Clinton that will derail her campaign. Well, he'll be here to tell us what may happen next. That and more.
All right, Hillary Clinton having one of her frequent coughing fits. I think this went on 4 minutes and 22 seconds at a rally in Cleveland, Ohio, yesterday. But that was not an isolated incident. She had another coughing fit, an attack while speaking with reporters on her campaign plane. Take a look.
Earlier today, the Drudge Report ran a headline highlighting Clinton's recent history of coughing fits. By the way, we're just going to keep in the corner of the screen just -- we kind of put them all together. Just take a look.
Does it raise questions about her health, especially in light of the revelation she told the FBI that, well, she couldn't remember a lot of things because she had a concussion in 2012. Well, I thought it was a conspiracy, according to CNN, if you bring up the idea about Hillary's health.
Here with our discussion, editor-in-chief, Lifezette.com, nationally syndicated radio host Laura Ingraham. Also FOX News contributor, a nationally syndicated host himself, Herman -- we're all talk show hosts here.
But you can watch Hillary. She has these coughing fits one after another after another. Then we find out she uses as an excuse, Laura, the fact that she had a concussion, why she couldn't remember if she was briefed or not as it relates to how to secure e-mails. So do we now have a right to inquire a little bit more deeply about what the situation is with her health?
She had 14 of them.
All right, so here's what we know, Herman. She couldn't recall all the security briefings. She couldn't recall 40 times. She couldn't recall the receipt of the security briefings because she had a concussion. How do you forget the whole briefing, and does it raise questions?
Her aide destroyed her Blackberries with a hammer. Her e-mail was targeted multiple times by hackers because once she clicked on a porn link, and she also claimed that the "C" marking, which everybody knows is "classified," was referencing paragraphs in alphabetical order.
Now, her aides also said 327 times they didn't remember. She said it 40 times. Do you believe any of this, or is she just lying? And by the way, she's coughing in the corner there. Go ahead.
All right, 277 days, Laura, no press conference. Her events -- they're often, like, 100 people, and it's for the TV cameras, and they never pan back to show that there's no crowd there.
Now, you're a lawyer. Is it not evidence of acting intentionally and with a criminal intent? She didn't -- she was asked by Ed Henry, You mean with a cloth, when she was asked if she wiped her server clean. No, she used expensive BleachBit software to make sure God couldn't read them, as Trey Gowdy said. So is that criminal intent? Do they need to reopen this investigation?
Oh, by the way, you mean the same guy that made a document dump last Friday, when everybody's on vacation, the way campaigns do? That guy?
I agree with you.
Oh, good luck to you, Laura Ingraham. I'd like to see you bash up your phones with -- and your computers. All right, last word, Herman.
All right, guys, we got to continue this. We'll have you back later in the week. Thank you both for being with us.
When we come back, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange says that he has, quote, "significant documents" that could impact Hillary's campaign. Assange is getting ready to release them, and he'll be here to talk about that next.
Also later, on Friday, the FBI released their report on Clinton's private server. The document dump came on a holiday weekend. Larry Elder, Doug Schoen they'll weigh in on that and more on this busy news night tonight on "Hannity."
And welcome back to "Hannity." So in a recent interview with The New York Times, Wikileaks founder Julian Assange had some harsh words for Hillary Clinton and the mainstream media. Let's take a look.
Now, he was not mincing words there, but that's not all. In other interviews, Assange has said that he has, quote, "significant documents" that would be damaging to Hillary Clinton's campaign.
Here to join us and explain more, the man himself, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Julian, how are you, sir? Welcome to the program.
You know what? I understand -- you know, part of me in the beginning was conflicted about you, and I'll tell you why. I believe in privacy. I believe that people, especially when it comes to private e- mails, personal e-mails, et cetera and -- I think people have a right to that privacy.
On the other hand, you have done a lot of good in what you have exposed about how corrupt, dishonest and phony our government is, and I applaud that. I think that's good that we know that.
Do you understand people when they talk to you about the privacy issue?
Yes, that's interesting you say that. Why do you say that that's a surprise to you?
Yes.
You said to PBS that you have a significant amount of information. The information itself is significant pertaining to Hillary Clinton's campaign. You will be releasing it in several batches as you are finishing it from a journalistic standpoint. How many batches, as you describe them, do you think you'll be releasing, and how soon?
No, that's actually a pretty simple one. That's not tricky.
Last question. It's not really hard to hack into these even secure systems, is it? I've talked to some real smart computer friends of mine. They say it's far more simple than anybody would ever know. Is that true?
Wow.
Wow. Julian Assange, fascinating. I do hope you get free one day. I wish you the best. Thank you for being with us.
All right, We'll have part two of that interview coming up tomorrow.
Now, the FBI did a huge document dump on Friday, releasing its report on the investigation of Clinton's e-mail server. Larry Elder, Doug Schoen weigh in next.
Plus tonight.
Now, Donald Trump spoke to members of an African-American church this weekend. His outreach to the black community continues. We'll play highlights, get reaction from the Reverend Darrell Scott and Sheriff David Clarke as we continue tonight right here on HANNITY.
Welcome back to HANNITY. So on Friday the FBI decided to dump documents on its investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private e- mail server, and what was made public is absolutely stunning. Again, they did this before a holiday weekend.
Now, according to the FBI report, Clinton used 13 mobile devices for e- mail, and none of them could be recovered by the FBI. Why? Because some of them were destroyed by an aide of hers that used a hammer on them. Now, members of her staff deleted e-mails after receiving a congressional subpoena. Now, Clinton didn't know that the letter "c" marking on documents meant that it was classified. She blamed her 2012 concussion for not being able to recall security briefings. And Clinton also told the FBI that she couldn't recall or didn't remember specific details nearly 40 times. And the list of what she couldn't recall includes, quote, "when she first received her security clearance at the State Department, receiving classified training, using her power to classify documents, who had access to her e-mails, and receiving e-mails that should not have been on an unclassified system."
Now, the timing of the release by the FBI and its director, James Comey, is so stunning that even members of the mainstream media are questioning if it was done to protect the Clinton campaign. Let's take a look.
A very good point. And according to former federal prosecutor Rudy Giuliani, he says the report proves that Clinton is lying and broke the law.
Here with reaction, Salem Radio nationally syndicated host Larry Elder, FOX News contributor, former Clinton pollster Doug Schoen. So doesn't that show that she acted intentionally, the campaign, her people acted intentionally and with criminal intent when you use BleachBit? Ed Henry asked her did you wipe the server clean, and she goes, "you mean like with a cloth?" No, they used BleachBit. BleachBit is designed to make sure, as Trey Gowdy said, God can't find those e-mails. So isn't that obstruction? Doesn't that get to the heart of intent?
Clinton aides, 327 times, Larry Elder, they couldn't recall the details. And, by the way, the Hannity conspiracy about her health, it appears I was way ahead of the curve considering she is citing her concussion for not being able to recall. I'd like to know what else she doesn't recall. Does she know what happened on 9/11? Does she recall the Sunday after 9/11? She was profiling Muslim Americans, you know, just a few little details she might have forgotten.
Here's my question, though.
If she remembered losing the memory of the briefings she apparently was supposed to take or did take, what else does she remember not remembering? I'd like to know the answer to that question.
Whatever is convenient?
So the only way she could be win is to be negative against Trump. She can't run on her record. She can't run on honesty. She can't run on vision. She's got nothing but negativity. That's what you're saying?
That's all she can do.
Larry, I don't disagree with Doug because that's all she's got. It's pretty pathetic that so many people support her.
I agree with you, but I agree with Doug inasmuch as this is not done yet. A lot of game to play.
Up next tonight right here on HANNITY.
Donald Trump's outreach to the black community continues as he traveled to Detroit this holiday weekend. He spoke to members of an African-American church. We're going to play you highlights. We'll get reaction. He got a standing O. The Reverend Darrell Scott is here. Sheriff David Clarke will join us as well, straight ahead.
Welcome back to HANNITY. So on Saturday Donald Trump traveled to Detroit where he continued to reach out to black American voters. This time he gave a heartfelt speech to members of an African-American church. Let's take a look.
And joining us now with reaction, Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke, and the CEO for the National Diversity Coalition for Trump, he was in the audience, the Reverend Darrell Scott.
Reverend Scott, two things that stood out in my mind. When Al Gore would go before predominantly black audiences, he would go into like -- he would change his pitch, his tone, his cadence, his delivery, and try and be a black preacher. Hillary did the same thing. I played it many times. I think that is so condescending.
And I saw Donald Trump speak to people as he does everybody, with a little bit of reverence for being in a church. I give him credit for that. But he keeps reaching out to the black community and pointing out what I have been pointing out. Black Americans, P. Diddy even said it, they got shortchanged by Obama's promises. They're not better off. A 58 percent increase in the Obama years, black Americans now getting food stamps, a 20 percent increase black Americans out of the labor force. They've been disproportionately impacted, and Donald Trump keeps making this outreach. Will it pay dividends for him?
Sheriff, what is your take? I actually think this is one of the best speeches he gave. I liked the way he delivered it. I liked the fact that he was there. I like Republicans fighting back this false, defamatory narrative that if you're conservative you don't care about minorities. I've always resented that false accusation.
Am I allowed to laugh at this? Do you guys notice, Al Gore goes into a black church and he goes into that preacher mode? "And the glory of the Lord." And Hillary Clinton, "I ain't feeling in no way tired." What is that? What are they doing? What the hell is that?
All right, guys, thank you both.
You, too. God bless you.
Coming up next, a very important "Question of the Day." We need your help. That's straight ahead.
Welcome back to HANNITY. And it's time for our "Question of the Day." So what do you think about some of the press's softball questions to Hillary that we showed you tonight? Just go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think. That is all the time we have this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. It's 62 days until Election Day as of tomorrow night. Have a great night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2016 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 222  ***************************************************
 Serious stuff. A waste of time to meet with the president, to negotiate a government shutdown. Well, then the president, he responded by talking to the press corps in front of two empty chairs where Schumer and Pelosi were supposed to be sitting. Look at this.
Can you think of one thing Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer have done to help since Donald Trump was elected? Now, Nancy Pelosi tries to fire back at the president tweeting out, quote, "@RealDonaldTrump, well, he now knows that his verbal abuse,' you are going to call that verbal abuse? 'Will no longer be tolerated. His empty chair photo op showed he is more interested in stunts than in addressing the needs of American people. Poor Ryan and McConnell relegated to props. Sad."'
Nancy Pelosi is actually saying tonight that President Trump, what he did was a political stunt. What about the fact that she and Schumer, what they pulled today, they wouldn't show up to have a meeting to fund your government. That is the ultimate political stunt. The president is responding by tweeting back, 'after North Korea and their missile launch, it's more important than ever to fund our government and military. Democrats shouldn't hold troop funding hostage for amnesty and illegal immigration. I ran on stopping illegal immigration and won big. They can't threaten a government shutdown to get their demands.' What's even more hypocritical is Pelosi and Schumer want everyone to feel story for them because President Trump hurt their little feelings. Pelosi and Schumer forgot all the horrible things, we will remind them tonight that their fellow Democrats and the media have been saying about Donald Trump for 10 months and longer. You may remember this.
Really? All those are just examples. They are just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to Democrats trashing the president. They do it every day. They called him every name in the book and then some. And Democrats in their irrational hatred for the president is unlike anything we have ever seen in modern political history. And that's not including the liberal mainstream media that has been trying to destroy President Trump since he launched this campaign.
Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, they can try and play the victim all they want and act like petulant little children all they want in this case but, in reality, they are just feigning moral outrage like they always do. When it comes to negotiating a budget, if Democrats who want to play games if you are refusing to even come to the bargaining table, then guess what? You will own the government shutdown.
And from what the president said today, it sounds like he is not going to be backing down to accommodate your ridiculous demands and he shouldn't back down. Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi, they are going to try and pressure Republicans to go along with every liberal agenda item from DACA on down. The American people don't want it. They want to blackmail President Trump and the Republicans in to literally breaking their campaign promises. That would be stupid.
Democrats are also going to try and deploy their government shutdown scare tactics like they always do. The GOP for once you shouldn't budge an inch. Let them own it. The government by the way never really ends up shutting down despite the threat, the lies Democrats have been telling over the years. Guess what, if they do have a quote government shut down, Social Security checks, they still go out. The post office still delivers mail.
Food stamps, well, that is not impacted. The executive branch, they still operate. The judiciary branch they function. Congress, they pretty much going to on like nothing happened. The only people that are directly impacted are nonessential government employees. And guess what they get. They get a furlough which means they end up getting a paid vacation because historically Congress has always retroactively paid their salaries and they got all the free time off.
Republicans need to show spine and backbone for once, please. And actually start fighting for the President's agenda and for the forgotten men and women in this country, you know, the people that actually voted you into power. And if Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, they want to go out and cry. They want to suck their thumb in a corner, and so be it. The GOP needs to stop folding under pressure. Start actually keeping your promises. Start leading. The budget is a great place to start so get to work. Also tonight, the U.S. and the world are facing an escalating threat from rocket man himself, Kim Jong-un after his rogue regime now carried out what the Pentagon believes to be a new ICBM test. This missile flew over 600 miles, was in the air for almost 50 minutes.
It flew 2,800 miles into space which is higher than any previous launch from North Korea before landing in the ocean near Japan. Japan's prime minister has ordered an emergency Cabinet meeting and says, the missile could have landed in the country's exclusive economic zone. South Korea responding by holding a National Security Council meeting and also conducting a precision strike drill by firing their own missile into the ocean as their show of force.
Hawaii tonight, well, they began testing nuclear attack warning sirens. It's the first time that state has done that in nearly 30 years. President Trump also weighed in on what is now a clear and present danger. That is the growing North Korean threat that took place earlier today. Take a look.
And Secretary of Defense General James Mad Dog Mattis addressed the situation as well. Let's watch.
With North Korea, we are getting to a point I would hope we would never reach. Pyongyang's dangerous nuclear ambitions are now progressing at a very rapid pace. And as you just heard, Secretary Mattis say, the missile fired today, it went higher than any other previous test and now can reach any place in the world. That's means a North Korean ICBM could be capable of hitting the continental United States destroying major American cities like New York and Boston, Los Angeles, Chicago.
Tens of millions of American lives now are in danger. Not to mention the hundreds of millions that are being threatened in South Korea and Japan. And Kim Jong Un has created a situation that the United States and the world can no longer ignore. And right now we are getting to the point where force might very well be necessary. Because clearly this little crackpot dictator Kim Jong Un is not interested in stopping his missile test.
The way I see it, America and the world have only a few options going forward. None of them good in order to stop North Korea from reaching full nuclear program capability. We either next have to destroy the next North Korean missile test on the launch-pad shoot it out of the air after it's been fired. And if that doesn't stop North Korea, then we can attack and try and destroy the nuclear sites but that comes with massive risks and huge uncertainties. What if we're not successful?
What we now know is not working. The approach that is taken by Democrats, appeasers like Bill Clinton and Barack Obama. They tried to appease North Korea. It has failed miserably as appeasement always does. And then 1994 the Clinton administration, remember, they tried to bribe Kim Jong Un's farther Kim Jong-il. They gave North Korea $4 billion in energy aid in exchange for a promise that the rouge regime would freeze and eventually end their nuclear weapons program. A lot of good that did. At that time, Clinton went on national TV bragging about how his bribery worked and was such a good deal for the American people. Remember this.
None of what you heard was true. It all turned out it was a terrible deal with North Korea. Your tax dollars at work. Bill Clinton completely wrong and it has now led us to where we are tonight, in this situation, we now found ourselves in. Democrats and the Left, I'll never get it. Obsessed with sucking up to murderers, radical, dictators, and despots are more willing to bend over backwards or people like Kim Jong-un, and his father, Kim Jong-il.
But guess what, history has proven over and over again it never works. We saw what happened with Neville Chamberlain and Adolf Hitler, his appeasement policies, well, that clear the way for Germany's invasion of Europe. Bill Clinton throwing billions at North Korea led us to where we are today. And if anything happens, the blame will fall right at the feet of Bill Clinton. His stupidity, and his ignorance, and his belief in a fantasy that despots -- listen to him.
And by the way, this led to the situation in the foundation where we are today. And the same goes with President Obama's disastrous nuclear deal with Iran. This will come back to bite us. Obama giving Tehran and the Mullahs upwards of $150 billion. Obama allowing that rogue regime to keep spinning their nuclear centrifuges and put them on the path towards getting a nuclear weapon?
As a result Obama now owns that terrible decision to appease the country that routinely calls for death to America. Wants to wipe Israel off the man. And before we bring in Kellyanne Conway for reaction, two other breaking news stories to tell you about.
One, Catherine Herridge is out with an explosive report. Take a look at the headline. 'Blowback. Clinton campaign planned to fire me over email probe, Obama intel watchdog says.' And the former intelligence community and Inspector General who played a key role in the Clinton email investigation is now saying that Clinton allies literally threatened him, his family, and his staffers.
And the Clinton campaign also made it be known that this inspector general would be fired if Hillary, in fact, won in 2016. Also finally tonight, a major development in the Uranium One scandal. The Hill's John Solomon out with a brand new report. Here's that headline. 'Clintons understated support from firm hired by Russian nuclear company.' According to Solomon, he will join us later, the Clinton Foundation may have significantly underreported the donations they got from a company with deep ties to Russia. More later.
But, first, joining us now with reaction, counselor to the president, Kellyanne Conway. If the President of the United States of America invites the opposition party to the White House and wants to avoid a government shutdown. Shouldn't they have the decency to show up for that meeting instead of the stunt that Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer showed today?
And right to due process.
Can you name one thing they've done?
Can you name one policy --
-- $10 trillion more in new spending and $11 trillion in new taxes.
I can tell you hate Trump and Russia, Russia, Russia.
And feigning outrage after they call the President every name in the book.
I don't see with North Korea and, again, I would not be privy to whatever new weaponry that our Defense Department and our military have probably designed in recent years. And I assume there are a lot of secrets and I'm hopeful there are. Because on paper, responding to North Korea as they fired missiles over Japan. And in to Japanese waters. As they threaten Guam and Hawaii. It's going to get to the point where the options are not good.
Take it off the pad. Take it out of the sky. And we don't know what this madman will do. Then we take out the nuclear sites. You have to worry about nuclear fallout. You have to worry about, do they have a missile site that we don't know about firing into South Korea or Japan or Guam or Hawaii or the continental United States? So, I would say as he now is precipitating us, and pushing us to the brink, there is not a lot of good options. And a lot of people will die. Will China play the role they should play?
All right. Last question.
He assured us he had a deal and he used the American taxpayer dollars to bribe Kim Jong-il, Kim Jong Un's father. Are you confident after the meeting today or more confident that the Senate that has really been fairly ineffective that they will actually get this tax bill across the finish line?
They haven't exactly shown --
Yes.
They are supposed to serve them.
They are supposed to serve the forgotten men and women on poverty, on food stamps and out of work. Kellyanne, great to see you. Thank you.
All right. On this busy breaking news night, when we come back, an investigative report, The Hill's John Solomon just released yet another major story on the Uranium One scandal. You will hear it right here first along with Sara Carter. And then later, more bad news for Democrats today. Another woman has come forward accusing Congressman Conyers of sexual misconduct. We will talk about that double standard and Sebastian Gorka and more, straight ahead
Welcome back to HANNITY. Breaking news tonight on the Uranium One scandal. The Clinton Foundation may have significantly under reported donations that it received from a firm with deep connections to Russia and its nuclear energy holdings. Now, this according to a brand new article from The Hill's John Solomon and Alison Spann. Now, this was released earlier tonight.
The report details, quote, 'The Clinton Foundation's donor disclosure site vastly understated support that the Clinton global initiative received from APCO worldwide, a global communications firm that lobbied on behalf of Russia's state owned nuclear company."
Now, we reached out to APCO for a statement. They gave us the same one that they gave The Hill. The executive chairwoman of APCO said, quote, "APCO worldwide's activities involving client work on behalf of Tenex and the Clinton global initiative were totally separate and unconnected in any way, all activities on these two unconnected activities were appropriate and publicly documented from the outset and consisted with regulations and the law. Any assertion otherwise is false, unfounded and a lie."
Here with more, The Hill's John Solomon, investigative journalist Sara Carter is with us. John, let's start with, okay, under reported donations received from a firm with deep connections to Russia and the nuclear energy holdings. Did that happen or not?
They picked APCO specifically.
And this is before CFIUS and the board in nine separate government agencies including state and the Attorney general signed off on it. Right?
All right. Sara, let's go to the money side of this and you know the FBI informant and you have discussed some of these things with him. Two things that are important here. One is, follow the money. Number two is the timing of the donations. Let's put those two together and couple it with John's new report. Where did all of this money, the 145 million that Peter Schweizer talked about come from and what was the timing bases on the activities as it relates to Uranium One, CFIUS and the Clinton Foundation?
OK. Follow up then, the FBI informant knew about Putin's plans to get a foot hold in the uranium market. By the way, we need uranium allowing someone to control it is beyond stupid. But bribery, kickbacks, extortion, money laundering. Is there evidence of any money laundering in other words, the people in Canada, the frank of the world and others, is there any evidence? Where did they get this millions to donate to the Clinton Foundation was there any chance that money was laundered and funneled to the Clinton Foundation?
But it is an open question now.
John, I see you shaking your head.
To Canada, Europe, and maybe even Asia.
We all know more about the story than more Kelly. And I can only say, our audience that has been following this righteous stay tune, tick tock. And they go both in the bureaucrat. Thank you great work both of you. When we comeback. Democrats, sexual harassment problems of far from over. I want to tell you about the latest accusations against Congressman Conyers and the defense by his liberal colleagues. And later, North Korea, ICBM launched earlier today is now a game changer. We have a live update, Ed Henry is in Washington and Sebastian Gorka has reaction, that much more, straight ahead.
As we continue, another woman is accusing Congressman Conyers of sexual misconduct according to reports this accuser served as Conyers deputy chief of staff between 1997, 2005. She claims Conyers touching her inappropriately on at least three occasions, including one time when she says Conyers placed his hands under her dress. We have reached out to Conyers' office for comment on this woman's claims, but they have yet to respond to our requests. And also over the weekend political commentator Cokie Roberts made this startling comment about Conyers reputation on the Hill. This is pretty shocking. Watch this.
Here with reaction is former Obama economic adviser Austan Goolsbee, co-host of the hit show The Five Kimberly Guilfoyle. All right, Austin, so what are people to do -- what is the right thing to do? Because we see a lot of hypocrisy, for 30 years a lot of your Democratic friends, they were part of a smear, slander besmirching attack against all the Clinton women.
And by the way tends up he was a predator. But they did it for 30 years. And in the case of politics, some people say Nancy Pelosi well, John Conyers now deserves due process, but nobody gave Roy Moore due you process when he denied allegation serious as they were. What is the right thing to do here?
Not forced, he said voluntarily.
The bottom line Austan is the Democratic Party defended the predatory behavior of Bill and they did everything they could do to slander every woman in that case. Drag $100 through a trailer park. You don't know what you're going to find. So many examples.
Whoa, whoa. Clarence Thomas to Bill Clinton?
It is a little convenient now that the Clintons have no power. All the liberals defended them up.
OK. You don't read the newspaper either and you don't watch my show. You know nothing about it?
Thank you. You like my picture in the New York Times Magazine I'm sure he had a fun time looking at that which we will get to in a minute. When we get back the serious issue ever North Korea's nuclear program now threatening every single American? How do we deal with this? Ed Henry in Washington and Sebastian Gorka plus my reaction to, this the New York Times. Profile picture of me on their cover. I'm not going to put it up. It is so bad. The question -- it is so awful, did we not have the picture? Did we not Photoshop the thing? Anything. Anyway, we will show it coming up later in the show.
That was the president, Secretary Defense James Mattis responding to North Korea launch of yet another ballistic missile earlier today. Here with the very latest in Washington Ed Henry.
All right, Ed Henry live in Washington tonight, thank you. Joining us now with reaction. Fox news national security strategist and former deputy assistant to the President, Sebastian Gorka. We discuss in details, not a lot of good options here. It's going to be taken off the pad next time, take it out of the sky as it launch and then potentially all hell breaks loose and we would have to take out all of their sites, correct? But great danger, great peril?
But I would expect this is not going to be a protracted conflict. This will be massive and overwhelming a use of force. But there are risks. Nuclear fallout. If we hit their nuclear facility. What is Kim Jong Un reactions? Does he fire at Japan? Or Guam or Hawaii or obviously or Seoul.
Agreed. And not a favorable, but it will happen and they will invite it at this point. Well said, Dr. Gorka. Thank you. When we come back, I will address the o so predictable photos. New York Times Sunday magazine using of me in a profile, straight ahead.
Before we go I want to address a profile of little old me in the New York Times Sunday Magazine. It was released earlier today. For years I called out the New York Times, fake news and liberal's media outlets, for portraying conservatives in a bad light. Some say a picture is worth a thousand words. Here's what the New York Times Magazine chose as a profile cover of me. How far will Sean Hannity go? Look at that. Could you pick a worst picture? At a very the top of the article’s on-line version, three of the images, they all suck. They took hundreds and hundreds of pictures. This is the best they could take? Not exactly flattering, but I am not the only one who thinks these photos were looking a little unfair. Take a headline look at Mediaite, ‘New York Times angry Hannity photo select confirms host belief of liberal bias.’ There is one good picture. Pan in on that. They put in a baby picture of me. You can see right there. That is me. I was kind of a cute kid, right? Little baby Sean. This is not my first rodeo. It did not surprise me. Let me take you back 26 years ago, 1991, I was a radio host in Alabama. I let the photographer, they photographed me for 3 solid hours. And this is what they came up with. Look take a look at that. They picked the worst picture. My mouth wide open and face contorted. From that point on, when I have a photographer come in studio to take photos, I will give you 5 minutes and here's the photo you want. The media wants this pony caricature of conservatives. We actually care about the forgotten men and women, people in poverty on food stamps, out of the labor force. They push their narrative through photography. A picture is worth a thousand words. I liked the baby picture. I have not seen that in years. Sean Spicer with us tomorrow. Let not your heart be troubled, we will be fair and balanced. We are not the destroy Trump media. Thank you for being with us.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 223  ***************************************************
 Well, President Trump was right again. Donna Brazile in her upcoming book, she describes how she was tasked with investigating the Democratic National Committee after hacked emails suggested, yes, the Clinton campaign was colluding with the DNC. It is even worse than that.
Now, one excerpt from the book, Brazile slammed her predecessor, Debbie Wasserman Schultz writing, quote, "Debbie was not a good manager. She hadn't been very interested in controlling the party -- she let Clinton headquarters in Brooklyn do as it so desired. She didn't have to inform the party officers how bad the situation was. How much control Brooklyn had and for how long was still something I had been trying to uncover for the last few weeks. By September 7, the day I called Bernie, I had found my proof and it broke my heart."
Wow! That is powerful. And this shows just how low the Clintons will go to get what they want. Even Senator Elizabeth Warren is now admitting that the DNC primary process was in fact rigged. Watch this.
Rigged and stolen election primary.
Earlier today, Wasserman Schultz gave a statement to the Fox News Channel that completely avoided the topic at hand. It reads this in part. "With Donald Trump in the White House, Democrats must stay focused on acting a progressive agenda to protect our citizens, our values and our democracy and remain united towards our goal of electing Democratic congressional majorities in 2018."
Did you just hear her? What you have there, what she is admitting to, is real, actual Russian propaganda, lies, that she bought and paid for, the Clinton political machine, and the Democratic Party, the DNC she is running, that they funded through a third-party source, in what was a shameless attempt to steal the election by lying to you, the American people.
The president was asked by our own Laura Ingraham earlier today about this very thing. Watch this.
Beyond a disgrace. That was all designed to manipulate the American people. The president is right. Crooked Hillary Clinton was caught in the act using a foreign source to influence the election, steal the election, again. If you need any more evidence that Hillary Clinton was willing to do anything and everything to win the 2016 election, you need to look no further than that dossier. Now remember, that was full of lies, propaganda, salacious details.
She lost miserably in the election, and now America is really, truly getting to know the dark, ruthless side of Hillary Clinton. Now, we will going to get to back to that in just a few minutes.
But first, we have another story almost too shocking to believe. Twitter's lawyer admitted earlier today, this week, to lawmakers, that the social media giant -- you know, Twitter, we all use Twitter -- that they literally hid tweets and hashtags that were connected to the DNC and John Podesta's emails.
Now, in his prepared testimony before the Senate subcommittee on crime and terrorism, Twitter's acting general counsel acknowledged Twitter hid over 60 tweets with #DNCleak and hid another 106,000 tweets with #Podestaemails. Now, could this be a serious violation of federal law? We'll have an investigation in a minute. Either way, it is clear evidence that Twitter was holding water for the Clinton campaign, and Democrats have the gall to complain about fake news on Facebook? The hypocrisy is breathtaking. We'll follow that story.
And also tonight, for months we've been exposing the most dangerous Clinton scandal of all, that is the Uranium One scandal. Tonight, we have even more new damning information to bring you. The Hill's John Solomon, Alison Spann, they are out tonight with another absolutely stunning report, the headline is this. "Uranium One deal lead to some exports to Europe." This is been the number one excuse they've been telling us.
John Solomon is reporting tonight that after the Obama administration approved the sale of Uranium One -- now remember, 2009, we know about lies and bribes and kickbacks and extortion, money laundering, and racketeering, and they still allowed the deal through. But anyway, the nuclear regulatory commission gave assurances the raw nuclear fuel would never be exported out of this country.
But Solomon, he obtained the NRC memos, they did approve the shipment of yellowcake uranium from the U.S. to Canada through a third-party trucking company, and unbelievably, some of that nuclear material made its way all the way to Europe, maybe even Asia.
John Solomon writes, quote, "Uranium One exports flowed from Wyoming to Canada on to Europe between 2012 and 2014, and the approval involved a process with multiple agencies."
Now, the American branch of Uranium One gave a statement to The Hill confirming it did export uranium to Canada through the trucking firm, and that 25 percent of that nuclear fuel made its way outside of North America to Europe and Asia. Wow.
This has been their number one excuse. They stressed the exports complied with federal law. Yes, because they used the company and then they didn't have to get their own license. And a statement from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission reads in part, "The NRC licensing actions complied with the Atomic Energy Act section 123 agreement where the receiving country, in this case, Canada is required to commit to use the material for only peaceful purposes."
By the way, does anyone at home know, we import uranium, because we do not have enough. So, when the uranium made its way to Canada to Europe, what then? How did that happen?
Now, if this material is crossing the Atlantic, what is preventing it from getting into Russia? And the question remains, why in the in the hell would anybody approve the sale of 20 percent of America's uranium to Vladimir Putin and the bad actor he is, and the hostile regime Russia, government approved by Hillary Clinton, Eric Holder, other high ranking officials in the Obama administration.
John Solomon, Sara Carter, they will join us. They will give us a full investigative report.
All right. But first, a lot of ground to cover. Joining us now, the author of "Clinton Cash," the President of the Government Accountability Institute, Peter Schweitzer, Fox News Legal analyst Gregg Jarrett, I'll start on the legal side. She stole a primary. She funneled money into a law form. Both controlling the DNC, and her funds to pay for a phony dossier and she now admits it. Crimes?
I got to ask. Where is -- I've always liked Jeff Sessions. I am now at the limit. Where is he? What is he doing? Because there is so much crimes, so many crimes, we have put the crimes in play on the screen that you and I have identified. And you have been a great lawyer, great investigator, great researcher. I do not see that the same attention and effort of known law-breaking is even being followed.
You know, when you wrote "Clinton Cash," number one New York Times bestseller. Probably with the first interview, we put you on many times, Peter. I do not think we ever imagined this bad. But it is worse than that. It's worst that it's bad. Stealing an election, taking over the DNC, admitting to funding the phony Russian lies propaganda. She funded the whole thing either through her campaign or through the DNC she was controlling now. The whole thing. She is admitting the whole thing.
Then that Uranium One deal. You know, everyone in the media says, Hannity, why are you talking about Clinton? Because we have a constitution. Rule of law, equal justice under the law, and they are not living by the same rules as the rest of us. They do whatever they want. They smashed blackberries, they bleach subpoenaed emails, they delete emails, and then they get kickbacks for selling out America's securities.
This is not a game, this is not funny. And then poor Bernie Sanders, the sucker sap he is, he accepts all this. And says nothing. He covers it up for her. Your thoughts?
She said she's never take the job if she knew.
Let me go back to Gregg. After all of this talk about the dossier and all the denials, just like on the Uranium One break in a minute. All denials, all lies and she stole an election, and she says there is a difference between the dossier she funded, rationalize propaganda, misinformation. Disinformation, that was wide spread to manipulate the American people and she break an election. Stole an election.
This is different. This is, oh, I have information, do you want to hear it? This is, I am paying for the false information.
Let me go back to Peter Schweizer because we have this news on Uranium One. John Solomon, Sara Carter is going to be here. I want to get your thoughts, wow. Because the number one excuse that they have been using, it never left the United States.
Well, first of all, we import uranium. The idea that we will going to give 20 percent of uranium to Putin never made sense. We do not have enough for ourselves. We have to bring in uranium to this country. Your reaction to that?
All right. Thank you both. Hillary steals an election, she pays for Russian propaganda. We have got more smoking gun evidence, and by the way, if you want to comment on this and the Uranium One reports that is upcoming, just go to my Twitter account, @SeanHannity. Tell me. Do you think Hillary Clinton stole the election? Of course she did. She is admitting it. We'll tell you about that and more straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." Joining us now, more reaction to the news. Hillary Clinton rigged, stole the 2016 Democratic primary against Bernie Sanders. Former Clinton poster, Fox News contributor, Doug Schoen. Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi, welcome to New York, by the way. Good to see you.
Look, you hear me regularly say about the Republicans. They are weak, they are spineless, they are gutless, they lack vision, they lack any identity even today.
I think you are as honest with your party as I am being with mine.
Do you think of a time in American history that a primary was stolen? I mean, I know we have had walk around money, all these other things.
I don't blame you.
All right. Let's talk about laws. You are an attorney general. Gregg Jarrett sees potential violations or laws on this and paying for the salacious lies, Russian propaganda --
-- which finally she admitted. She had too because of all the new information out. Law is broken?
All right. Let's put up on the screen. Let's put up on the screen if we can. I'll throw my glasses on off cameras so you can't see. But it says, this is from Donna Brazile's book. You know, "when I got back from a vacation in Martha's Vineyard, I at last found the document that described it all. The Joint Fund-Raising Agreement between the DNC, the Hillary Victory Fund, and Hillary for America."
Then it goes on, "The agreement signed by Amy Dacey, the former CEO of the DNC, Robby Mook was the manager, with a copy of Marc Elias," remember that name. And I'll tell you more later, "specified that in exchange for raising money and investigating the DNC, Hillary would control the party's finances, their strategy and all the money raised." And then it goes on, her campaign had the right of refusal of who would be the party's communications director, and it would make final decision on all the other staff."
Now, this to me coming directly from Donna Brazile, and like you, I have known Donna Brazile for years. She never would have taken the job. She has ethics. I understand on the question, and I know she regretted it, a lot, and she took a lot heat for it. But put it aside. She is admitting. Her party is that deeply corrupt, and that Hillary can control the whole thing. I cannot believe what I am reading.
Where is the Attorney General, Pam? I was like Jeff Sessions. I am sitting here, I am mind-numbingly, I just cannot understand his inaction on all of these issues. Doug is right. We need a special prosecutor. Uranium One giving up 20 percent of our uranium, all the money kickback to the dossier. That is Russian funded lies and propaganda stealing a Democratic primary funneling money through a law firm?
Subpoenaed emails, deleted emails. Acid washed emails, BleachBit emails, broken Blackberries. How much corruption do we need here for any one individual before something happens, I am sorry.
How is it possible in ‘09 that Mueller, the FBI, Eric Holder had to know, they had an FBI informant. Bribery kickbacks extortion, money laundering and racketeering. Putin spies in America. They knew about it, 2009. All this is happening. Vladimir Putin wants a corner that uranium market. We don't have enough uranium on our own, he was to corner the uranium market, and they know about the crimes, and they did nothing. They allowed this deal to go through.
Tell Vladimir. That was in 2012. Why would anyone give 20 percent of our uranium, when we do not have enough uranium resources?
No evidence of collusion yet. Not yet.
We do have evidence here, on a stolen election, evidence and obstruction of justice. Ignoring subpoenas. What she paid for, money laundering, I would argue in the case of the Russian dossier, and now uranium one deal, which we gave up our national security. She gets all that money back.
Queen of where?
Did you know that she was this deeply corrupt when she was still a primary?
Justice under the law. I would be in jail. He would be in jail.
We are only touching the surface. Thank you both. Good to see you in New York. We have massive new development for the on uranium scandal. The two reporters had been all over this. And right the Woodward and Bernstein of our days. Solomon Carter next straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." We told in the opening monologue, tonight John Solomon has breaking news on the uranium one scandal. Now his piece out today is entitled Uranium One, deal lead to some exports to Europe, memos show. Sara Carter from Circa News, also has a new report out tonight entitled Current DOE official, once consulted for Russian nuclear companies, and we have reached out to the officials that Sarah mentioned in the article for comment. Surprisingly, we have yet to hear back.
There was more, The Hill John Solomon. And from CircaNews.com you guys have done an amazing job, it is so telling as big as a news you're both breaking tonight, this is our third story. Hillary stealing the primary. All of the information on the dossier, and she is now admitting. That is not collusion. Let me start, John, with you. Your report came out earlier today. Sara you just came out now so we'll get you both and John, tell us what you know, because we were told that the number one excuse, the uranium never went outside the U.S. That talking point is a lie.
You know where in Europe? You know where in Asia?
Let me stay on your report for a minute, because you also talk about just now implicates Barack Obama himself. You detailed, and I'm guessing this is the start of what you are about to reveal, Barack Obama purposely manipulated the process to allow this trucking company to be the conduit, by which they got the uranium out of the country. Tell us what you found.
Library extortion, money laundering, the racketeering, and so on.
It is breathtaking, our national security, we do not have enough uranium. All right Sarah, you've a blockbuster report about the current deal official, consulted for the Russian nuclear company?
Sara, I'll stay with you. I honestly believe that your reporting has been incredible, both of you. Gutsy, courageous. We do not have this in the media today. Sara, where is this going to end up? We are talking to Gregg Jarrett, we do not have a special counsel. It is breathtaking to me. How do we have this ability for the Clintons to constantly avoid the law that does not apply to the rest of us?
All right, guys. We'll have you both on tomorrow and advance the story even further. There are a lot more details. Thank you for what you're doing, both of you. When we come back, the wrapper, and I have more good news and an announcement and a debate next you don't want to miss. Sebastian Gorka and Imam Ali Elahi and we will explain what should happen to the jihadists in New York that murdered eight innocent New Yorkers. That is straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." President Trump is continuing his call for tough justice against the jihadists that terrorize New York City, killed eight on Tuesday. The president tweeted quote, NYC, terrorist was happy and you have to hang the ISIS flag in her hospital room. He killed 8 innocent people. Badly injured 12, he should get the death penalty. He then followed up with two more tweets saying, would love to send the New York City terrorist to Gitmo, but statically that process, takes much longer to go in the federal system. Also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed. Should move fast. Death penalty. Amen.
Joining us now, reaction from the author, Defeating Jihad, former assistant to president, Sebastian Gorka, and also from the Islamic house of wisdom, Imam Mohammad Ali Elahi. Do you think Iran is good country, don't you, Imam?
I am asking you a question. Do you think Iran is a good country? Do you not?
You are saying -- I have a very simple, I've a simple basic question. Just answer the question. Do you think Iran is a good country? Do you think it is run by good people?
Let me say this, the problem with your answer as I bring our other guest in.
(Inaudible) to America.
hang on a second Imam, Imam Mohammad please. We have other guest. Dr. Gorka. They are the number one Foxy war funder, exporter of terror in the entire world. I know Imam Elahi is speaking from his heart. I have interviewed him before. He will not condemn this. How do we deal with their export?
Dr. Gorka and their support of Radical Islamic terror.
Let me ask Imam. Iman, is it wrong the way Iran practices Sharia law?
Why are you so angry Imam, you are being angry and defensive? Why are you so defensive?
We just had eight people slaughtered. Sir -- the man said, let me finish. I will send it to Dr. Gorka Allahu Akbar. That is what he said that we hear all the time, Dr. Gorka.
Why does it happen in every terror incident?
Imam, why do we hear it so often like on 9/11, and like this week. There are eight dead New Yorkers. I live in New York. I take it personally. Eight dead New Yorkers. Many more injured. Why do we keep hearing it and when there are terror attacks? Why is the country you support, Iran, talk about the death of America and the death of Israel? And wear the American flag.
Do you mean like the hostile regime that is Iran, Dr. Gorka?
And funding terror. Sebastian?
Dr. Gorka? All right let him talk, Dr. Gorka?
We are out time. When we comeback, ever think of me as a rapper? Thanks to comedy central, I am. And a really good story and good news to tell you. Straight ahead.
I am the executive producer. First time I have ever done this. The film "Let There Be Light." It was the biggest break out movie hit last weekend. We are an independent film, we didn't go to the studios. You now almost doubled the theaters for next week. For so many of you loved it and were touched by it. And if you want to see it, we now have double the amount of theatres only because of you and so many more people will be able to. People are touched in their heart and soul. Here's a quick clip.
This will take out an emotional roller coaster and unpredictable ending and my advice, bring tissues. Go to hannity.com, we hope you go see this weekend. Tell your friends to go see it. Before we go tonight -- this is pretty funny. All right. The producers of "The Daily Show," they think I am a rapper? Not kidding. Watch this.
What about investigating their roles in Russia. Hillary Clinton State Department, Eric Holder signed off on the deal, a year later, Bill Clinton makes a fortune, doubles his speaking fees. Paid with a check from a bank that has a financial interesting in uranium one. America tonight is at a crisis point. Will we have equal justice under the law or will America just be the banana republic?
Forget it. That was awesome.
All right. That is all the time we have left for tonight. We will always be fair and balanced. We are not the left-wing bias anti-Trump, destroy Trump media. Thank you for being with us.
By the way Laura Ingraham is next. All right, so Clarence Thomas one night then we got the president the next night. Anybody else you will out shadow us with these phenomenal bookings. By the way great interview.
By the way, I saw the interview, great interview.
I'm a rapper.
I'll tell you what. I'm going to do one, we won't tell people when. I will do a live rap to Laura Ingraham who is now taking over the show. Laura? Have a great night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 224  ***************************************************
 See that? And despite the destroy Trump media and their desperate attempt with no evidence, they did not stop breathlessly, hysterically, reporting these lies, the so-called Trump-Russia collusion.
Watch them.
Now tonight, one of the most important things sadly we conclude is that the media and the Democrats in this country and their attacks were purely, purely political. They never wanted the truth.
Now, we even have real evidence that the FBI uncovered a Russian plot that involved -- we have real evidence -- bribery, extortion, blackmail, money laundering, racketeering. They knew in 2009, that was one year before Hillary Clinton and the Obama Administration approved this corrupt Uranium One deal. And what we've learned this week is that the FBI, the Department of Justice, all knew in 2009 that this was happening inside our country and they did nothing to stop it.
So the same Democrats, the same media outlets that was screaming bloody murder for a year, lying to you every day for a year about Donald Trump, are giving next to zero coverage to this story.
Now, keep in mind, we have an FBI informant in this case who infiltrated this Putin network right here in America. He has evidence. He has emails. He has personal recordings. He has documents. He has insider knowledge of all this, that America's national security was in fact compromised at the highest level. Our country was sold out, right in front of our faces. They let it happen.
And then, of course, you have the explosive new details about the phony, fake, salacious news dossier. Now, we now know that the Clinton campaign, the DNC, paid over $9 million to help fund these lies, this propaganda hit piece that the Russian government sources gave them. Now, make no mistake. This was nothing short of a collaborative effort with the Russians to manipulate the outcome of the last presidential election. And we have the proof.
Also, we have to point something out: since everyone is so worried about Russian collusion, isn't it interesting that at no point did any Democrats, my overpaid liberal media friends or Robert Mueller or members of his team, none of them -- they want to get to the truth? None of them asked the one man on this earth that knows the truth. That would know the truth. And I'm talking about the WikiLeaks founder, that's Julian Assange. He is the person, the one individual that posted the information about the DNC emails. No one ever took the time to do what we did and talk to Julian Assange. I've talked to him now on air five times. Now, because they knew what his answer would be and they didn't like it. He was telling us again and again, it was never Russia, it was never a state, that it was never a state party.
Now, all these scandals and the ensuing cover-ups add to what I am telling you now is the biggest betrayal of you, the American people that I can think of in my lifetime. The American people have now been regularly lied to. You have been misinformed. You have been propagandized by a political party and abusively biased liberal media that have literally no interest in helping the people in this country or telling you the truth. To them, everything obviously is about politics and about advancing their rigid, radical left-wing ideology.
Now, with all that said, here is all the new information we have tonight. On the fake news dossier, Hillary Clinton has been completely silent. So far Clinton has yet to say anything publicly about financing a document that used current and former Russian government sources to create the most obscene, salacious, completely fabricated accusations about Donald Trump.
Now, since Hillary Clinton is refusing to talk about her role in the dossier, we decided to reach out to Clinton's spokesperson for comment. Big surprise, they referred us to other people, including the law firm that the Clinton campaign used to fund Fusion GPS.
In a statement we did get from them it said in part, quote, "Hillary for America and the DNC complied with all campaign finance laws." Well, that's informative.
Now, Hillary's silence on this is beyond telling. Now, sources have told the New York Times that Hillary Clinton only learned about the dossier when BuzzFeed published it back in January. Really? Hillary has such a great track record of telling the truth.
Now, the current DNC chairman, he is running as far away as he can and claiming he knew nothing about it. And disgraced former DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz, she is saying she had no idea what was going on. And according to a report, Clinton's Campaign chairman John Podesta told Congress that he wasn't aware of any of these payments, nobody knows nothing. How is it possible then that over $9 million went out the door and people in charge had no idea that that money was being spent? But meanwhile, so many Democrats regurgitated the lies, just like the media.
Now Speaker of the House Paul Ryan announced today that the FBI will cooperate with the House document request about this dossier. This is a huge development and we're going to be following that closely.
Also tonight, Fox News has learned that congressional hearings with the FBI informant who is the key witness in this Russian bribery scheme will also be with the chairman and ranking members of the committees only. And Fox News is also told that Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Senator Chuck Grassley, he rightly is pushing for public hearings with the FBI informant.
Now, we have to remember that in each of these scandals, laws were broken. Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett has put together a list for us. Take a look at the side of the screen. These are all the laws that were potentially broken by the Clinton campaign and the DNC in the fake news dossier scandal.
And there is the Uranium One scandal. Oh, Gregg Jarrett back at work. You have federal statutes involving crimes like bribery, mail fraud, wire fraud, racketeering, beyond serious stuff. This is go-to-jail type of things.
Now, we also forgot about the Clinton email server scandal. By the way, they are now up on the side of your screen. Two House committees finally this week are looking into how the FBI and the Department of Justice during the Obama administration handled these issues and for good reason. James Comey let Hillary Clinton off the hook, despite the overwhelming amount of evidence of wrongdoing.
So with all this new information, the big question tonight is who knew what and when?
With Uranium One, the FBI had mountains of evidence of Russian bribery. Did President Obama know about this? Was it in President Obama's daily presidential briefings? Apparently, that might have been told to the lawyer of the FBI informant.
And what did Hillary Clinton know? And when did she know? Did she know that her husband Bill Clinton was being paid double his speaking fees for a speech in Moscow? Did she know that Bill asked for permission while in Moscow to meet with Russian nuclear officials? Did she know that eventually Bill met with Putin during the trip and advocated -- this is important -- he also advocated that in fact the Uranium One deal be done and also was paid by a bank that had a financial interest in Uranium One.
So how could both of them, Obama and Clinton, ever think ever, it's a good idea to give 20 percent of America's uranium to Vladimir Putin? Now, by the way, that's the foundational material for nuclear weapons.
We need to hear from key Obama administration officials. For example like Eric Holder, what did he know and when did he know it? He was in charge of the DOJ. They're in charge of the FBI. Did he know about the evidence of Putin's network right here inside the United States, all the crimes being committed in 2009 before this Uranium One deal was approved in 2010?
Now remember, Eric Holder, Hillary Clinton, they were part of the committee that signed off on this deal personally. Eric Holder did. Hillary did. And there is Robert Mueller. He was the FBI director back in 2009. How inconceivable is it that he didn't know that Russian operatives were in our country, trying to break into the uranium market on behalf of Vladimir? Now, how can he possibly oversee any investigation into any Russian collusion?
Next, we've got Rod Rosenstein. He was in charge of the investigation into this Russian bribery plot. Does he not have a conflict of interest? Then we have to ask James Comey, what did he know and why didn't he act.
And there are also questions about the phony dossier. How was it possible these same people didn't think it was necessary to tell you the American people, tell Congress that the Clinton camp and the DNC paid for it? You know what? We are working hard day and night. You deserve answers to every one of these questions.
But one other important thing that we have to tell you about tonight before we bring in our guest, we now have proof that intelligence wasn't the only powerful government entity that was weaponized by the Obama administration. Now you may remember, I talked about five forces against the President. One of them is the deep state. They weaponized the power of intelligence to use against this president.
Just a few hours ago, the Department of Justice announced they reached a settlement with multiple Tea Party groups that were targeted, specifically by the Obama IRS because of their political ideology.
Now, the settlement includes payouts to several Tea Party groups and an official apology from the IRS which now admits that their actions during the Obama years was, quote, "wrong." Do you think so? Using the IRS targeting people that you don't like or agree with?
Now remember, much of this IRS weaponization occurred under the oversight of Lois Lerner while many of these Tea Party groups were in the critical initial stages of forming a resistance to the policies of Obama. That stopped them dead in their traps. And many of the Tea Party groups were prevented from organizing and instead were spending all of their time, all of their resources, all their money to combat what was persecution from a politically inspired IRS.
Because the ACLJ, your group where you're the chief counsel, you led this case in the IRS. They did weaponize the IRS. They did turn them against anybody that was conservative, Tea Party oriented. A big win, but Obama kind of also got what he wanted.
They stopped them in their tracks, I mean, I remember in April of 2010, I was in Atlanta. It was like 25,000 people there, people all over the country, massive crowds that were energized.
These groups formed. They wanted to oppose Obama's policies. And they got stopped in their tracks. So this did have a big impact.
Yeah.
All right, Gregg, let's start with the laws -- by the way you're an amazing -- I love the fact that you are so organized as a lawyer. Sean, here are the laws in this case. Sean, here -- you're a great partner to have on the show. We appreciate it.
Laws potentially broken in the Uranium One deal. Let's put them up on the screen so our audience can understand it. Explain it. Let's start there because this .
We sold out national security.
OK. Now, and so all of these statutes, these are real crimes -- I keep saying we can't have a two-tier justice system.
We can't have one justice system for the Clintons that mishandled, destroyed classified top secret special access program information, all of these issues involving the kickbacks, the paybacks, the pay-to-play.
So the question is how do we -- how did they get away with it and do you think they slide this time?
Let's go to the dossier crimes and the scandal according to them. We'll put them up in the screen here. This dossier is getting to be a bigger .
Because they paid $9 million.
And quickly, the laws potentially broken in the email scandal which now thankfully, finally this week they're back to this.
That's called obstruction.
And there were subpoenaed documents.
Yeah.
All right, Jay, let me go back to you.
When you look at Uranium One, you look at the Russian dossier. Here is my question and what mind goes on this. So the dossier, they have the former MI6 guy.
Fusion GPS. He is paying Russians for phony information.
And then I've got to wonder, was that the information, because Sara Carter and John Solomon reported that there were FISA warrants, and other-- I'm wondering, wow, could they have used phony Russia propaganda to get .
Yeah, go ahead.
It would be inadmissible in a court of law.
Wow.
I can name names tonight of people that would be real happy (INAUDIBLE).
That includes Mueller and that includes (INAUDIBLE).
Right.
All Right. We thank you both. We're only getting started. So much more coming up. Stay with us.
Everything they were accusing the White House of they were guilty of on steroids and human growth hormone. That was White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders criticizing the Democrats over their own collusion with Russia on a massive scale during the 2016 presidential election.
Here now on the Hill is John Solomon, from Circa News Sara Carter, also the attorney that is now representing this all-important FBI informant, Victoria Toensing is with us. Before we get everyone's reaction, we did reach out to the American lobbying firm, APCO Worldwide, mentioned in Sara's report ing.
This was last Thursday. They provided us with the following statement, quote, "The assertions in the piece published in Circa are false and unfounded, our work, which was publicly disclosed seven years ago, helped continue a Bush-era initiative to strengthen our domestic nuclear energy industry. It had nothing to do with the Clintons."
Sara, I want to get your response to that first.
Right. Victoria, you are now representing the client that knew FBI -- how many years was he involved and looking into this effort by Putin and Russia to infiltrate the uranium market in America?
And in 2009, he had, according to reports of John and Sara, he had documents, emails, his own personal experience and even recorded conversations. Is that true?
Wow. How soon do you think we will be hearing from this all- important client of yours?
And, John, let me go to your reporting and Sara's reporting.
He will present evidence that he knew in 2009 of bribery, of kickbacks, of extortion, of money laundering, racketeering. If you knew that in 2009, we go back to the fundamental question. I think it would be dumb under any circumstances to give Vladimir Putin, a hostile actor and a bad guy, 20 percent of our uranium.
But knowing all of this, how could anybody logically make that decision? It doesn't make sense on paper. Moneywise it doesn't make sense.
And Victoria, can I -- I know you have to protect your client, and I don't want you to step outside, and I know you wouldn't in any way. Was he aghast knowing what he knows that all of these was going down in spite of all that he knew what was happening?
And it got slacked with an NDA.
Can you give me a hint?
Wow.
That's a powerful statement. John, what can we expect next?
All right. You guys have all been amazing in so many ways and have worked so hard. Sara, we're so very grateful. John, thank you. Victoria, always good to see you. And we look forward to these coming days and weeks. When we come back, the man who broke the story, Peter Schweizer, and Sebastian Gorka, and Laura Ingraham -- by the way, go to my twitter page right now @seanhannity, we want to hear from you. Does Hillary Clinton need to come clean? Do you think people are going to go to jail over this? At Sean Hannity, twitter. And Laura Ingraham, Sebastian Gorka and Peter Schweizer, next.
The chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Devin Nunes, giving his thoughts on the fake news, anti-Trump dossier that was funded by the Clinton campaign and the DNC. Only one of those scandals now surrounding the entire Democratic Party, Hillary Clinton, the media, the other being, of course, the Uranium One deal, involving allegations now of bribery, and corruptions, and kickbacks, and all sorts of other things.
Joining us now, well, he was the first person who exposed the Uranium One issue, the author of the number one New York Times best seller, "Clinton Cash," he's also the president of the government accountability institute, Peter Schweizer.
Is it worse than what you knew at the time? And as much as how the government actually knew about all of these crimes committed by Putin operatives inside the country? Do you know that part.
The money came was washed through Latvia or some other place? And it was actually Russia paying the Clinton Foundation. We know there's money laundering.
Let me bring former deputy assistant to President Trump, Sebastian Gorka. I did mean to introduce you, and I just got ahead of myself, as I often do. I apologize. Dr. Gorka, I want to look big picture here. And I thought Sarah Sanders said this very well, and I take it a step further. Everything that they tried to say about Donald Trump and his campaign, they're guilty of. But I'll add on steroids and human growth hormones. That they sold out America's security in this case. Give me the big picture take away from this because now the media has gone silent on Russia, virtually silent.
The Russians lied to impact the election. The Russian infiltrated our national security to corner the uranium market and they succeeded, and they knew all the crimes that were committed.
All right. Last word, our friend, Peter.
I've got to tell you, it is the most unbelievable. It's almost -- if it was a novel, I wouldn't believe it. It takes you that far. Selling out national security, then literally using Russian lies to impact the election, propagandizing the American people. You guys have been phenomenal. Good work. We're going to stay on it. Thank you, both. We appreciate it.
Laura Ingraham. I thought she supposed to have a show here at Fox. Where is she? Oh, she's joining us next, straight ahead.
As we continue, joining us now with reaction to all these scandals surrounding Hillary Clinton, the Democratic Party, including, yeah, Russia lies, impact and all -- an election. The author of this book is amazing, Billionaire at the Barricades, and I assumed, maybe -- and I think the year is 2020, she'll be the host of a brand new Fox News show, "The Ingraham Angle," which --
You'll start Monday.
I know you're number one on the New York best-sellers listing, and I know you're doing great. Here's the problem, we're waiting. When do we get the Ingraham Angle?
And you'll be firing, like, you know, pencil darts at my head. As if I don't have enough enemies. Thank you, very much.
I just can't get over how they used Russian lies with Fusion GPS to influence the election, and how everybody now has gone silent on Russia. Now that they know -- and we've been saying this is going to boomerang back. Never mind they knew Putin had infiltrated the country and everybody had knowledge of it, the FBI had it, Eric Holder had it. The president probably had it, Obama and his presidential daily briefings. I cannot believe the degree of lying, hypocrisy and, frankly, they put this country in danger.
Laura, that's never going to happen.
Well, of course. And she's compromised. I mean, she was lashing out at -- by name, Fox News Channel by name just this week. What about this uranium model. I want to get your take on Uranium One. Under any circumstances would any smart person ever give Vladimir 20 percent of our uranium? And then you look at, they knew he had Russian operatives in the country, and that was their goal to corner the market, and they had an informant inside telling them about everything they're doing, bribery, kickbacks, extortion, all of those. How could this possibly happen?
Probably one of them is going to be liberal Joe Scarborough. You know, he doesn't have a brain.
But what you have here is they knew Vladimir Putin had infiltrated the country, had spies in the country, was doing illegal activities in the country, and top of them never being smart enough not to do it ever, but they all approved it anyway. And then the money comes back. I don't understand -- at least understand liberal logic. There's nothing here that makes any sense except that they sold out the country, a massive appeasement mentality, and that they're corrupt.
Well, congrats on the book, "Billionaires at the Barricades," New York Times best seller.
Are you really showing up to work Monday, or this all one big joke? Because I've never seen you sign a contract and never show up to work. You never show up to work. What is up with that?
You're like O'Reilly, but O'Reilly took off, but he'd work here 20 years. You've taken as many days-off as him. What is that all about?
OK. So we're going to really see you Monday, you promise.
Oh, I'm going to pass. I'm going to say.
Kilmeade will fill in because Kilmeade is on every other hour of the day, so. All right. "The Ingraham Angle" starts Monday, "Billionaire at the Barricades," a brand new show we hope you'll be watching. We'll continue.
All right. After two years, special project, by the way, where are my glasses? Tomorrow is finally the day -- I want my glasses. Yes, it was an accent. That you get to see it, award winning film, I'm so proud of it, the executive producer. The movie is called" Let There Be Light," in theaters all across America. You can find viewing location. I hope you'll go. You can take your whole family. At Hannity.com, or lettherebelightmovie.com. Take a look.
Now I promise it will touch your heart, your mind, and I think your soul. We're very proud of the project. You can get information about where it's playing in theaters, hannity.com and lettherebelightmovie.com. And I hope you go. Tell your friends, I hope you enjoy it.
Anyway, Harris Faulkner is in at 10, next. Maybe Laura will be here Monday. See you back here tomorrow.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 225  ***************************************************
 Unbelievable. As you just saw, complete chaos, bodies, debris all over the place. Tonight, ISIS claiming responsibility. Police have arrested two suspects, a Spanish national and a person from nearby Morocco, the driver of the van still at large. We'll have a full report in just a minute.
Also tonight, the Associated Press is reporting that Spanish police say they have killed four suspects in what is being described as a separate alleged terror plot just south of Barcelona.
In an exclusive report from The Hill's John Solomon, who will be here coming up later, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange told Republican congressman from California Dana Rohrabacher that he has evidence to prove that the emails that he published about the DNC never came from Russia. The U.S. intelligence community -- now, they said they have different evidence. They have yet to release any of it to the public.
But if Assange can back up this claim -- and we'll have this report -- it would blow a huge hole in an 11-plus-month narrative of Russia collusion, Russia collusion, a conspiracy theory without evidence the Democrats, the destroy Trump media have been pushing now month after month. What Assange is saying now is exactly the same thing he told me on this show when I interviewed him back in January at the Ecuadorian embassy in London. Take a quick look.
Did Russia give you this information or anybody associated with Russia?
You did not get this information about the DNC, John Podesta's emails. Can you tell the American people a thousand percent you did not get it from Russia or anybody associated with Russia?
Keep in mind WikiLeaks has never been wrong once in 11 years of publishing. So the special counsel tonight, Robert Mueller, should be getting on a plane and going to meet with Assange to find out if, in fact, he has this evidence and is telling the world the truth.
If he wants to get to the truth, he owes this to the American people. He owes to the president and Congress, now should immediately open an investigation. This is the one guy we know who has the information. He's the one that put it up. We'll have more later tonight with John Solomon.
And finally tonight, the left still in a complete and utter meltdown over the tragedy in Charlottesville, and of course, the president's response.
We have shown you over and over and over again on this program how President Trump has repeatedly condemned white supremacists, the KKK, David Duke over the years and in Charlottesville. He denounced these people over the course of decades. But the left, the media -- they still refuse to accept it.
And now tonight, the rhetoric has gotten much worse. Here's a perfect example, a Democratic state senator from Missouri apparently so enraged with the president, she posts a comment on Facebook hoping for President Trump's assassination! After facing backlash over her vile comment, OK, she said she regrets it. She refused to apologize. I hope the Secret Service is watching. Watch this.
Frankly, she should be removed from the Senate and arrested. This is disgusting. And it shows you the level of out-of-control hate that is spewing, you know, from the alt-left in this country.
There's also Virginia's Democratic governor, Terry McAuliffe, according to a new report, well, he may have actually lied about the white supremacists storing weapons all around Charlottesville. Police are saying tonight it never happened.
Democrats and the left -- they have -- as I've been saying, they're using this tragedy in Charlottesville to call for the removal also of Confederate statues, symbols all across the country. And earlier today, the president warned this could be a very slippery slope.
He tweeted out, "Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You can't change history, but you can learn from it. Robert E. Lee, Stonewall Jackson -- who's next? Washington? Jefferson? So foolish. Also, "the beauty that is being taken out of our cities and towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replace."
According to a new poll tonight, 62 percent of Americans do agree with him now that these pieces of American history should, in fact, be left. But Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi, Senator Cory Booker all saying that all Confederate statues should be removed from the U.S. Capitol. Wait until we show you what -- what Al Sharpton is saying tonight.
What we're seeing play out here in the aftermath of Charlottesville in the media, with the Democrats -- they are politicizing a terrible, horrible incident by, yes, evil people. Yes, white supremacists are evil. They have completely ignored the facts, and they are trying to politically bludgeon President Trump, conservatives and Republicans and paint them unfairly as racists and bigots.
But here's what they won't tell you. Democrats, as I pointed out in great detail last night, have a very disturbing history when it does come to race. It was Southern Democrats who voted against the '60s, '64 Civil Rights Act and the '65 Voting Rights Act, including the person Bill Clinton has praised many times as his mentor, J. William Fulbright. Hillary Clinton's mentor, former Klansman, former head of the Democrats in the U.S. Senate not that long ago, Robert Byrd. Al Gore's father, Al Gore, Senior -- he voted against the Civil Rights Act. Republicans -- they're the party of Lincoln. Democrats have been the party of slavery and segregation.
They’ve also ignored how President Obama had stoked racial divisions. He rushed to judgment in four specific high-profile race cases, Cambridge, Trayvon Martin, George Zimmerman, what happened in Baltimore and Ferguson, Missouri. And he also praised anti-police groups like Black Lives Matter, even invited the head of Black Lives Matter to the White House after, "What do we want, dead cops, when do we want it, now."
Where was the media backlash over all of that? Why would a sitting president do that? And what we're seeing now is the media, the Democrats -- they're just playing the race card, just like they do politically every two and four years, as we showed you that history last night.
And when it comes to Confederate statues and symbols, well, I think the president is right. Local communities and states -- they have the right to decide.
Here's my advice. Republicans in the House and Senate, it's time to work for the forgotten men and women of this country, OK? Get tax reform done. Get energy independence done. Create jobs, build the wall, chip away at ObamaCare for seven-and-a-half years that you said you'd repeal and replace. Let's work on the economy first. Let's help those Americans in poverty, on food stamps and out of the labor force.
Otherwise, Republicans in the House and Senate -- you're going to lose in 2018. So let's not the media and Democrats direct the direction of the country here.
With reaction, joining us, the host, "Michelle Malkin Investigates" on CRTV Michelle Malkin. All right, let's respond to the whole picture here with - - first, I want to get to the terrorism story. I'm going to play the images again to warn parents that may have the kids in the room. We see the carnage, we see the viciousness, we see the evil. And it is spread all the way through all throughout Europe, and it is connected to a lack of assimilation.
We have sharia courts in Great Britain and also a huge influx of migrants and zero vetting process. Is that why it's so bad in Europe? And is at a preview of coming attractions here?
All right, I want to stay on this terror issue for just a second, because I don't think you can defeat an enemy, Michelle, if you don't identify an enemy. And for eight years, we wouldn't identify an enemy. And listen, I -- we can cast aspersions and blame all we want here. But if the world doesn't wise up, how bad is this going to get? And if the president doesn't secure the border, if he doesn't get his vetting proposal through, what does that mean for the American people?
Well, let me ask you this...
I've identified on this program five forces that are up against this president. And they are real and week after week and month after month, it seems like it's consuming way too much of the president's time. That's the deep state, that's the unmasking, that's the surveillance, that's the leaking, especially as we go back into the last election year and beyond. We're going to have a report on Julian Assange, the one guy that knows where that information came from, and he's saying he's got the proof. All right, let's call him out. Mueller ought to go there. The Congress ought to investigate, but -- so you got Democrats. They don't want to help the president. You got the media. They're out to destroy the president.
Yes, by the way, we just got this coming across our wires. A fifth suspect has been killed in the terror incident south of Barcelona. Remember, ISIS Islamic radicals -- they often cluster attacks, one, two, three at a time. It's not uncommon. We saw it on 9/11.
But I want to ask with the Republicans -- forget about how they feel about the president or what disagreements they have. These are their promises on tax cuts for the middle class, tax cuts for corporations, repatriation of money. It's their promise on energy independence. They have a duty to protect the border and get a lot of these things done and create jobs for people and get them out of poverty and off of food stamps.
Why don't they just do it because it's what they said? Never mind whatever the president -- it seems that there's agreement there, and they can't meet in the middle!
Right.
I went through a history in very great detail tonight. I gave them more of a summary Cliff Notes version tonight, about the Democratic Party and race. Hillary Clinton's mentor is a former Klansman. Bill Clinton's mentor was a known segregationist, voted against the Civil Rights Act, Voting Rights Act. Al Gore's father was part of it. Robert Byrd, you know, filibustered this thing for months, as we remember.
And we're watching this whole narrative unfold in Charlottesville -- I mentioned the president has a history of condemning, condemning, disavowing, disavowing, disavowing -- the media never mentions that. And their only thing is, Well, he didn't say the group fast enough, even though he said it repeatedly over the years.
And I want to get your reaction to that and your reaction of Democrats, the Confederate symbols of any kind in history must be removed. What's your reaction to that?
We have a copy -- we have a picture of it, I think.
Yes.
Go ahead. We have that image.
So then here's my question. We're watching -- this is in Durham. This is when they pulled down this statue. Only one person finally got arrested on that. And I'm all in favor...
Right. But here's my question for you. And I know the president -- he likes to make points. Is it -- should the president just be focused on his agenda and stay out of these battles like this because with the media and with Democrats, you can never win! You can't have an intellectual discussion. Is he better off just focusing on the tax cuts, the economy, people in property, on food stamps, out of the labor force?
Hey, Michelle...
Between statues -- there's a statue in the West Virginia statehouse of Robert Byrd. Take that down, too.
And we got to -- there are 56 schools, highways, buildings, named after Robert former Klansman Byrd. Should they all come down, Hillary Clinton's mentor? Is she going to lead that effort?
Well, he is. I mean, now they want to defund it with tax dollars, but that would only be the first of it. You mentioned the -- I saw the defaced image of Lincoln, but we don't know if that happened in this time period or maybe before, and there's some questions and there are some issues here.
We're going to have John Solomon on in a second. And actually, we're going to have to let you go, I see, Michelle. Michelle Malkin, it's always good to see you. We really appreciate you being with us. Thank you.
It's been too long.
All right, thank you,
And as we mentioned in my "Opening Monologue," Republican congressman Dana Rohrabacher says he met with Julia Assange earlier this week, claims that the meeting went on over three hours. And Assange says -- he's is one guy that would know -- he could prove Russia did not give WikiLeaks the DNC emails. He joins us now with reaction, the executive vice president of The Hill, John Solomon.
John, he -- I played this at the beginning of the show. Julian Assange told me this on radio at least four times. I asked him very specifically again and again. He told me on this show very specifically it was not Russia. It was not a state.
Tell us what you got.
All right, this is important because wasn't the original directive from the deputy attorney, Rosenstein, to look into potential Trump-Russia collusion? It wasn't the whole narrative about whether or not the Russians were responsible for the leaks to Julian Assange and WikiLeaks and the impact on the campaign and Trump collusion? Doesn't Robert Mueller have an obligation to get this question answered? There is one guy in the world that probably knows more than anybody else where it came from, right?
And that would include Congress because they have investigative powers. And considering it has now consumed the attention of the American people for 11 months and that -- the intelligence community has never offered the American people any evidence, have they.
John, I hate to interrupt you. Stay right there. We're going to have more with The Hill's John Solomon on his explosive report, Julian Assange now meeting with Dana Rohrabacher, claiming he has the evidence it was not Russia. They did not give him the DNC emails. We'll continue our investigation, asking the tough questions.
All of that plus the very latest on the Barcelona terror attack and much more straight ahead.
You did not get this information about the DNC, John Podesta's emails. Can you tell the American people 1,000 percent you did not get it from Russia or anybody associated with Russia?
That was WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange on this program back in January saying and denying that Russia had anything to do with giving WikiLeaks the hacked Democratic emails during the 2016 election. This is important as we continue with the executive vice president of "The Hill" John Solomon.
I've interviewed him, as I said, four times on the radio. I've interviewed him once on television. And here's an interesting sidebar. Whether you like WikiLeaks or not, and I know that at time Democrats like them, at times Republicans like them, but here's a guy that hacked into the DOD and NASA when he was 16. I think he is now 45. At some point we've got to say shame on you, shame on you, shame on you, now shame on America for not building the cyber-security that they should have. And so there's a lot of angry people which I understand, but they also have a responsibility.
But 11 years WikiLeaks has never gotten it wrong. So Rohrabacher, the Congressman from California meets with him. And Julian is saying he's got the proof it wasn't Russia. He would be the one guy in the whole world that would know more than anybody. So here's the question. Rohrabacher now has a message for the president. What did he tell you about that?
I know he's not a hero in the intelligence community, but again, I go back to -- when we saw how corrupt Hillary Clinton was. We learned an awful lot about what happened to Bernie Sanders, didn't we, in that whole mess. That primary was rigged. There was a story with Debbie Wasserman Schultz, because she got fired on the eve of the Democratic National Convention, right?
How corrupt Hillary is.
What's really I think important, and it's interesting with Chelsea Manning now, and you factor that into this equation. And I've been to the Ecuadorian embassy. It's a tiny space. He's holding firm. He believes in his principles. He said to me that he says I'm reporting things that people need to know.
There is a real danger, and you and Sara Carter were probably at the forefront of investigating this, and that is thank God for intelligence as we saw in Barcelona earlier today against ISIS and radical Islam and against Iran and China and Russia and all these countries, they are not our friends. They are not our friends and we need to know about dangers that we may face. We give them the most powerful tools, but if those tools are turned against the American people and used against the American people illegally because we have laws that prevent that, that's a very dangerous scenario, what about the i.t. guy of Debbie Wasserman Schultz that got four counts today charged with?
It's going to be interesting to see what Dana Rohrabacher came back with. And I think the American people need to know the truth. I'm calling on Robert Mueller tonight. He is investigating supposed collusion.
He has a duty to find out what that information is, and the same thing with Congress. The Republicans are in charge, they have subpoena powers, investigative powers. They need to do their job because this has been 11 months long, no evidence yet presented. Thank you, John Solomon, keep up the good work.
When we come back, Democratic hate reaching a new low, a state senator under fire. Why? Hoping the president gets assassinated, and will not apologize tonight. Secret Service, I hope you're watching. (COMMERCIAL BREAK)
Welcome back to HANNITY. So in the wake of the horrible violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, last weekend many on the left have become so totally unhinged and unfair that one Democratic Missouri lawmaker actually said that she hopes the president of the United States, President Trump, is assassinated. And that's not all. "The Economist," "The New Yorker," two magazines are now featuring covers equating the president to the Ku Klux Klan. And there is the Reverend Al Sharpton. He is now calling for the Jefferson Memorial to be defunded. Take a look.
Here now with reaction, FOX News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera, former Trump transition team executive committee member and he's also on the National Committee of Diversity, the Reverend Darrell Scott. Geraldo, because we're the two sinners here, we have to go to the reverent first. (LAUGHTER) HANNITY: He prays for me every Sunday he told me. GERALDO RIVERA, FOX NEWS SENIOR CORRESPONDENT: That's appropriate. HANNITY: Thanks a lot. He's got to pray for you, too, OK? So the two of us together because we're best friends. Reverend, I look at those covers, I hear assassination attempts, and there were many times in the Obama years, and I have all the tape to prove it, I said we must protect our president, must, and our elected officials. This transcends all politics, but it's getting worse every day. What's your reaction?
Arrested.
Bill Clinton's mentor, J. William Fulbright, signs onto the southern manifesto. Robert "Ku Klux Klan" Byrd, Hillary's mentor, filibusters the civil rights act. Are you going to take down the 56 monuments, streets, schools named after him?
Geraldo, I want to ask you this, especially about the assassination call. Madonna, I want to blow up the White House or I think about it, Johnny Depp, when's the last time an actor assassinated a president? Robert De Niro wants to punch him in the face. I did all the examples last night. I don't have time. When do we start arresting people?
Should they be arrested? You're a lawyer, too. You're a friend and a lawyer.
I've got to take a break. And I want to hear everything you have to say. And Reverend, I was just thinking, because I've been to your church. I know how amazing it is. And I know you preach all have sinned and fallen short of the glory, especially me and Geraldo, you can chastise us. But can't you tell the truth about people? The good, the bad, the ugly, can't you tell it all? And I want to ask you that question when we get back. We'll have more with Geraldo, Reverend Darrell Scott right after the break.
This is a Fox News alert. A fifth suspect who was shot and wounded in what the Spanish police are calling a separate terrorist attack has now died. This comes after that van attack earlier today in Barcelona that killed 13, over 100 injured. We continue now with the Reverend Darrell Scott and Geraldo. And of course our thoughts and prayers, Reverend, go there.
But I want to specifically go into this issue of what I said earlier. This is evil, by the way, we're dealing with in our time. We all find white supremacy -- it's so sad such ignorant, evil people exist in our society. And everybody agrees with that except the few idiots who are involved with it. They are anti-Semitic. They hate whites -- I'm sorry. They hate blacks, they hate Hispanics, they hate Catholics, they hate Jews. They are ignorant, evil people.
With that said, where do you -- when the president says over and over again I disavow, I denounce, I renounce, I don't want any part of them I don't what these people around me, and he says it again and again and the media reacts this way, what are you thinking?
Are they purposely lying, though?
Are they purposefully lying, just not telling the truth?
Can I interject one thing, and I'll throw it to Pastor Scott. He said it all throughout the campaign. I've got tape of him saying it years and years, 15 and 20 years ago. I've got him saying it's evil.
I think at this point he needs to focus on the agenda. But reverend?
I've got a roll. Listen, I've got a roll. But you're two of my favorite people and will have you both on together again soon. More HANNITY after the break.
Welcome back to HANNITY. Welcome back to HANNITY. Unfortunately that is all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. Our promise, our pledged to you. This show will always be the balance to the establishment, destroy-Trump media. You'll get news and information you won't get anywhere else. Please stay with the Fox News Channel tonight, continuing live coverage of the terrible terrorist attack in Spain. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims of all that and their families.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 226  ***************************************************
 You know, I -- the weird thing is, I know recent events with Anthony Scaramucci, who I also know, and I've known you for many, many years -- I was on the campaign trail with you.
I saw you the days of debate. I probably had more midnight to 1:00 AM conversations with you during the campaign and now than I really care to admit and probably you care to acknowledge that you ever talk to me, but--
But you guys got along. I mean, you guys were friends. You guys were going to work together.
Why did you decide now -- and you're saying you helped the president in offering up names for your replacement, so that tells me that this has gone on for some period of time, and you also told me earlier that you're actually going to stay around for a while. You're going to help in the transition. Tell us a little bit more about that.
Listen, Reince, I can attest to it because I saw it all through the campaign and I saw it when I was there in the times that I've interviewed the president or been to the White House. I saw how close you were. And I guess that's what the surprise.
But I did say in my opening monologue -- and I want to go through each challenge that I think is fairly unprecedented and the intensity of those that want to hurt this president, delegitimize his agenda, prevent him from being successful. And that would get to the deep state. That would get to Democrats from day one never accepted the results. That would get to a media that has been obsessed on one issue with no evidence. That has been even Republicans that have talked badly behind the president's back, that don't want him to succeed, and never-Trumpers.
Overall, it seems like since day one, there has been an unnatural, unprecedented, you know, never-ending attacks on this White House more than others. Is that an accurate description, or am I off?
We go through these challenges that I think are unique more than the previous two administrations. The deep state has leaked intelligence on this president. We saw what happened with the general counsel of the White House (sic) in Sara Carter's article earlier, or yesterday that we broke on this program, and then we also had the issue of James Comey.
But I want to specifically get to -- there was one report of 125 leaks in 126 days, seven times the past two administrations. How much of your day was consumed with either that or Russia, Russia, Russia with no evidence? And did that hurt? Did that make your job 50 times harder?
(INAUDIBLE)
Well, I just--
You know, I want to get to the media in just a second, but has that also played a part in this? And that's one of the five, I think, big institutions that don't want the president to succeed and trying to delegitimize him and preventing his agenda from being enacted.
You know, you mentioned the crowds, and I watched the speech that you referred to very, very closely, as I have all of his rallies, and I covered so many of them. And my question to you is, you had a very successful run as the chairman of the RNC. You helped elect a lot of the people in the House and the Senate. And in fairness to the House people, it wasn't a bill that I would have chosen, but they worked hard and long--
They got it done. All right, Mitch McConnell didn't get it done. John McCain comes back and did what he did, and we wish him well, but I did not like what he did last night, nor did any of them run on the skinny, you know, repeal bill to get it into conference, to hope that they can fix it there.
And my question is this. To the extent that the Republicans are, in my view, lacking the identity that the president has -- he's saying, I'll build the wall, I'll repeal and replace, tax cuts for the middle class, for corporations, repatriation, energy independence, define Islam as radical Islam -- very definitive stances. And you see the crowds.
Can I gently--
Can I gently say something, though?
After seven years, you know -- you know what I didn't hear this week except for maybe Senator Ted Cruz, who deserves credit, or the Freedom Caucus guys -- and I know you worked so closely with them on the House bill. And even in this bill, I hear they were involved, too.
But I didn't hear about health care cooperatives, health care savings accounts. These are fundamental principles I've been talking about on air, and you've been discussing as the RNC chairman for 15, 20 years, and they weren't even in the bill.
All right, stay right there. We'll have more Reince Priebus after the break straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." Now, before we get back to Reince Priebus, this was the president earlier today.
As we continue with Reince Priebus, who resigned late last evening.
I want to ask you this question because I think -- how many people -- when you compare and contrast, sir, past administrations and they were able to get their appointments through the Senate, and the slow process -- you're kind of kind to Mitch McConnell earlier, and I, for the life of me, don't understand why some of these people -- they haven't had their up-or-down vote. The president doesn't have his full team on board. There's still a lot of Obama holdovers.
There -- is -- do we need to just get rid of the filibuster, the 60-vote margin at this point, and cloture?
It's August!
It's almost eight months since the president -- and this goes to the heart. And I just -- I know you know this, but it's August, and I don't know the president, as you pointed out -- executive orders, everything that he could get rid of, Obama-era regulations, judges--
Well, that goes to my question--
The president's doing -- the president's doing everything he can do within his power. But we have separation of powers. We have co-equal branches of government. Republicans asked for the House in 2010. They asked for the Senate in 2014. They wanted the presidency. They've got it all. Now they're saying, well, now, we need 60 senators to get health care done.
And I can tell you -- and I know you hear it, but conservatives look at the lack of urgency and the lack of progress in the House and Senate, and they are ticked off beyond measure--
-- including me!
All right.
All right. I got -- I'm just going to say one word that I won't use--
No, you are, and look, I've known you for all these years. And under the conditions I think that are unprecedented, I think everybody owes the president, the country owes a debt of gratitude, your hard work during the campaign, as I said in my opening monologue, your hard work as chief of staff under these conditions I think are unprecedented and the most difficult time that I've seen in my adult lifetime because the attacks are so intense.
Here's a question. I'm just going to give you one word, and you go anywhere you want to go. The media in this country.
You're trying to be nice. I can read your eyes!
Can you say--
Is the media dishonest?
Overall--
All right, fair.
Can I put this way?
Is it fair to say that there is a very high level of misinformation, fake news and dishonesty, and the American public need to be very discerning because you know a lot of what they read and hear on television is fake?
I do believe that the president is sending signals to the Republicans in the House and Senate. If they want that type of response, stand for the type of agenda he's standing for and keep your promises.
All right, my last question, and it's you've been through this process. You helped elect as the RNC chairman, you helped a lot of those guys in the Washington in the House and Senate get elected. You were there with the president. You were there helping him after the primary was over and almost with him every step of the way. You helped prepare him for the debates. You became the chief of staff. You've been there over six months. What is your best, fondest, most proud achievement or something you're most proud off or something you want to let people know?
Last, last question, because you're saying something that I think is very revealing. You and the president have become very close is what you're saying. And more importantly, what is there about this president that you would want Americans to know that maybe they don't know, a side of them that they will never see?
All right, Reince Priebus, I know for a fact how hard you've worked, how you have served your country in the process, how difficult it has been with all of those forces against you and the president. And we owe you a debt of gratitude, sir. Thank you so much.
Up next, reaction to my interview with Reince Priebus straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So joining us now, Salem radio nationally syndicated host Larry Elder, FOX News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera, Fox News anchor, attorney Gregg Jarrett. Geraldo, I thought, I just like people that are loyal and gracious. Reince Priebus, as I said, under extraordinary circumstances, this White House has been under unprecedented fire from day one which consumed, I would argue, 85 percent of everybody's time in there. Thoughts?
Geraldo, I don't want to talk about that. The guy --
He already answered that question tonight 10 times, and I saw it, and he said no, absolutely not. But --
Wait, wait. You've got to give this guy credit, because he helped elect the Republicans in the House and Senate. It's not his fault these idiots broke their promise. He's not responsible. They made those promises. Number two, he helped this president every step of the way once the primary was over, he had to thread the needle with 17 people, and with honor and distinction. You cannot deny the unprecedented attacks that this White House has been under. That's what I was asking you.
He resigned.
Geraldo, he resigned. Larry?
But other administrations had a lot of big issues, Clinton, even President Reagan, later in their terms. This has been right out of the box to destroy him. Gregg Jarrett, my apologies. You get the floor, I promise, when we get back right after this.
All right, as we continue with Larry Elder, Geraldo Rivera, Gregg Jarrett. Gregg, I apologize. I want to give you the floor here.
And Geraldo, if Geraldo, someone is getting fired, he wants to pounce on the guy, and the guy has done so much good. And I love Geraldo, but you've got to stop, Geraldo. Give the guy a five second break. He's just mean. I say that with you tongue-in-cheek.
They love chaos. Geraldo, but this is my point. A lot of these administrations had trouble -- look, you defended Clinton to death that it drove me nuts. But that was later in his administration, though those first two years were rough, too.
We're running out of time. Larry.
OK, but no president, Larry faced the things I'm talking about
I like Larry's take. By the way, Gregg, good to hear you on an hour on my radio show today. That's twice that I didn't get to you. I feel bad. I'll make it up to you, my friend.
More reaction to our shakeup, Corey Lewandowski, Matt Schlapp, next.
And as we continue on "Hannity," more reaction to today's shakeup chief of staff. American Conservative Union chairman Matt Schlapp, former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski. Corey, we'll start with you.
What do you think about me when I was arguing with Matt and Geraldo? These are really unprecedented pressures that have been there from day one?
I thought he was classy, too. Maybe because I just know his history a little bit more than others and I know the circumstances, I'm just a little more sympathetic, Corey. By the way, you've been through this yourself.
You know, Matt, I don't know where the leaks come from. I don't ask. Don't look to me. But I will say this. None of us probably know where it's coming from. I have no idea. Maybe it's multiple people. But whoever they are, they all need to go, I don't care who they are.
Yes, it can't come soon enough. All right, guys, thank you both for being with us. We really appreciate it on this breaking, busy news Friday. We've got a lot more on "Hannity" coming up right after this break straight ahead.
All right, welcome back to "Hannity." Unfortunately, this has been such a slow news week, that's all the time we have left. As always, thank you for being with us. Let not your heart be troubled. Listen, we want to remind you, this show will always be fair and balanced. Have a great weekend. Back to the battle on Monday. See you then.

show#: 227  ***************************************************
 And additionally, authorities say that they have identified all seven devices that Conditt talks about in the recording but the residents should still tonight remain vigilant. Local, federal law officers -- they did an amazing, terrific job tracking this guy down.
And joining us now from Texas tonight, our own Fox News correspondent-at- large, Geraldo Rivera.
First of all, great job last night, Geraldo. I know you have an exclusive interview for us tonight.
All right. Geraldo, thank you.
An amazing job by the FBI, by law enforcement. We'll get back to Geraldo later in the program.
Also tonight, President Trump -- he is blasting the left wing partisan press for throwing a fit over the deep state leak about him congratulating Vladimir Putin on the Russian president's election win. As it turns out, you do a little research -- well, Barack Obama did the exact same thing in 2012. But, of course, the liberal media didn't care then. We'll call out the stunning hypocrisy.
And also tonight, when will the deep state law-breaking leakers be held accountable?
We also have breaking at this hour, constitutional law expert Alan Dershowitz is agreeing with President Trump that the special counsel should never been appointed. Now, Mr. Dershowitz is now calling for the Mueller probe to be suspended and for a nonpartisan commission to be created. He'll explain later tonight.
Plus, Congressman Matt Gaetz and Jim Jordan and Mark Meadows, and Andy Gibbs, they are demanding that the report that lead to McCabe's firing be released to you, the American people.
McCabe, of course, canned last Friday for lying to the DOJ investigators under oath multiple times, and the FBI director, Christopher Wray, is crushing the liberal talking points out there about McCabe being wrongfully terminated. Wray is saying everything done by the book without bias.
We're going to have all of that and so much more in our breaking news opening monologue.
Another deep state actor, former CIA Director John Brennan, he is continuing his baseless attacks on President Trump. Take a look at how Brennan floats this conspiracy theory. Take a look.
All right. Isn't John Brennan the guy -- let's see. He voted for a communist for president of the United States back in the '70s. He is supposed to be nonpartisan.
By the way, how did he ever become the CIA director?
In reality, he is nothing more than an Obama deep state stooge. And Brennan also recently tweeted out this threat to President Trump: 'When the full extent of your venality and moral turpitude and political corruption becomes known, you will take your rightful place as a disgraced demagogue in the dustbin of history. So, may scapegoat Andy McCabe, but you will not destroy America. America will triumph over you.'
Andy McCabe got fired because the FBI recommended he'd be fired. That the inspector general report recommended the same. It wasn't Donald Trump.
And that's the type of comment that now shows why a whopping 74 percent of you, the American people, are now saying that you think this group of unelected bureaucrats, deep state operatives, are secretly trying to manipulate policy and opinion in this country. It's more apparent than ever that people like John Brennan and Clapper and the rest of them, they are not even trying to hide their abuse and their bias against President Trump. They want him out of office regardless of what he does or doesn't do.
President Trump, like he always does, he's fighting back. He tweeted out, quote: 'I called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory. Oh, in the past, Obama called him also and the fake news media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him. They are wrong. Getting along with Russia and others is a good thing. Not a bad thing.'
And he continues, 'they can help solve problems with North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, ISIS, Iran, and even the coming arms race. Now, Bush tried to get along. He didn't have the smarts. Obama and Clinton, they tried. But they didn't have the energy or chemistry. Remember the reset?'
And then he ends with Ronald Reagan's phrase, 'peace through strength.'
The media's number one objective is to take down this president. We point it out every night. We know the deep state knows this. They are trying to exploit this. They're trying to indoctrinate the American people.
Remember at the beginning of this administration, remember, 125 deep state leaks in only 126 days?
The goal here is obvious but the media is never going to tell you that. Just like they're not going to tell you that back in 2012. Interesting, President Barack Obama, he did the same thing, congratulating Putin, but now the media is excoriating President Trump for. You cannot make this stuff up. That is how hypocritical the media, the left-wing in this country are.
Take a look at this Obama White House press release. It reads in part, quote: 'President Obama called Russian president-elect and Prime Minister Putin to congratulate him on his recent victory in the Russian presidential election.' That's the same thing that Trump did. Where's the outrage? Where is the media condemnation?
This is all one, big, massive hypocritical double standard that's on display, and sadly, we see it every day. And the media is whipping themselves into a frenzy, acting like this is a major, massive national security crisis. It's not.
By the way, since the media won't tell you about the facts, as it relates to President Obama on Russia, we'll give them to you. Remember Obama and Hillary Clinton's embarrassing, idiotic, so-called Russian reset. There she is presenting it to her counterpart.
By the way, it was a photo-op and a bad one at that. It accomplished nothing.
Then, of course, you had Obama on the hot mic whispering to Dmitry Medvedev. He said, tell Vladimir I have more flexibility after the election. More flexibility after.
We'll show you the tape.
I transmit to Vladimir. Oh, how did that work out for Obama?
In 2014, as a history listen, Congressman Devin Nunes of the House Intel Committee, he issued an explicit warning to President Obama. The Russians are coming and want to influence our election and Putin wants to create chaos in the United States and around the world.
So, what did Obama do? Absolutely nothing. Instead of keeping an eye on Russia, Obama mocked then candidate Trump in 2016, saying, it's ridiculous to think that anyone could rig an election. No serious person would ever say that or believe that. And then he said stop whining.
Remember this.
You know what, it doesn't get any more pompous or arrogant than that.
And according to a new book, Obama's own national security advisor, Susan Rice, remember she issued for standout in order to national security officials that were coming up with options because they wanted to counter Russia's attempt at election interference? Well, that's just the simple truth. Obama was warned in 2014 and did nothing, said it could never happen. Stop whining.
The media is not going to report that. It rather attack President Trump for something that Obama had already done. He is responsible for 2016, not President Trump. And, by the way, who paid for that dossier? That was Hillary.
You are being lied to, and this is the sad part on a daily basis by the destroy Trump media and those in the deep state. This is on a scale and a level we have never seen in the history of this country.
Also tonight, constitutional Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz, he is agreeing with President Trump that the special counsel should never have been appointed. He couldn't be more right.
Let's take a look.
We'll be speaking with Alan Dershowitz in just a few moments.
In addition to those comments, well, Professor Dershowitz, is also out with a brand-new op-ed where he writes, in part: 'In this case, the appointment of a special counsel has done more harm than good. It has politicized our justice system beyond repair.'
And then Dershowitz adds: 'The public has lost faith in the leadership of the Justice Department and the FBI. They do not trust congressional investigative committees. They don't know who to believe when they hear conflicting accounts and there are leaks galore followed by denials of leaks.
It's a total mess and what do we have to show for it? Just a handful of low-level indictments based largely on alleged crimes that that are either totally unrelated or only marginally related to Russia's attempt to influence the presidential election in 2016.'
The professor is 100 percent right.
Mueller is way beyond his mandate. This is what we call investigative creep. The entire investigation, remember, it was supposed to be about Trump, Russia, collusion. It doesn't exist and it's now turned into a witch hunt.
What has Professor Dershowitz get for telling the truth about the special counsel? Oh, the answer is, of course, to be attacked by fake news CNN. Let's take a look.
Great commentary from a guy named Wolf.
That's what happens when you offer a dissenting opinion that goes against the destroy Trump media's Trump-Russia collusion conspiracy theory and no evidence, and it's been 14, 16 months.
Also, brand-new tonight, a group of congressmen, Matt Gaetz, Jim Jordan, Mark Meadows, Andy Biggs, they are demanding that the report that led to these disgraced former FBI director, Andrew McCabe and his firing, be made public. The congressmen want you, the American people, they want to be transparent. They want you to know the specific reasons for why McCabe was shown the door because they are arguing, rightly so, that what he did could have put this country in danger.
Late you remember, on Friday night, McCabe was fired at 9:59, just before I went off the air, why, for lying to investigators and leaking to the media and lying under oath, even though the evidence is abundantly clear why McCabe was fired. The media -- they somehow tried to blame it on President Trump. He had nothing to do with it.
And the FBI director, Chris Wray, he's now shooting down all of these liberal media lies. Let's take a look at what he is saying about McCabe's firing.
All right. Here with reaction, two of the lawmakers who wrote a letter to the Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Congressman Andy Biggs and Congressman Matt Gaetz.
Congressman Gaetz, we start with you. Let's talk about this letter. This is important.
Congressman, you sound like a reporter. You're ending your report. Back to you, Sean, in the studio. But well-said. I'm not -- I'm just messing around with you.
But, Congressman Biggs, this is too important. Let's get to what you're saying.
And, Congressman Gaetz, why is there the mysterious reluctance and resistance of -- especially with Rod Rosenstein, why is there resistance?
He was begging when Devin Nunes had subpoenaed the documents, he was begging in the final hours, oh, please, Congressman Ryan, Mr. Speaker, don't turn over this information. Let's not let the American people see about how corrupt the FISA warrants were in the case of Carter Page and the Trump campaign and, oh, we didn't tell the judge that Hillary paid for Russian lies in the process and that became the basis not only for the original application, but for subsequent applications, on three occasions.
By the way, Rod Rosenstein approved one of them, may be two. He's the guy that then appoints Mueller. If that's not a conflict, I don't know what it is.
All right. Congressman, I got to thank you both for what you're doing. We appreciate it.
We now turn our attention to another important topic for my opening monologue. Famed constitutional scholar, Harvard Law professor, Alan Dershowitz, he is throwing cold water on the Mueller investigation, saying that President Trump is absolutely right. The special counsel never should have been appointed in the first place.
Some of the mainstream media -- they are now sharpening their attacks against Professor Dershowitz, even suggesting -- oh, he is preparing for a job on Trump's legal team.
Joining us now to respond as the man himself, author of the new book, 'The Case Against BDS: Why Singling Out Israel for Boycott is Anti-Semitic, It's Anti-Peace.'
I agree with you about the criminalization of political differences. This is now a major problem in this country, Professor.
I will say this, and you might disagree with me, but in the course of all of this, we've learned some things that should trouble everybody. Nobody seems to care that Hillary rigged a primary, as Donna Brazile said, against poor Bernie Sanders. Nobody cares.
But to see that Comey and Strzok and Page and McCabe and probably Loretta Lynch, that they literally put the fix in. You know what 18 USC 793 is about. You know you can't mishandle or destroy classified top secret or special access program information.
If I deleted 33,000 subpoenaed emails and then I acid washed my hard drive and then I busted out my devices, as great a lawyer as you are, I don't think you could get me off.
And then the whole issue of lying to a FISA judge in the FISA application and not informing judges of what they knew, that who paid for that dossier, that it wasn't verified, that it wasn't corroborated, Professor.
Oh, all of them. Can I ask you this?
You know Andrew Weissmann's background.
I got to tell you, professor, when you look at the fact that tens of thousands of Anderson accounting employees lost their job, that he got overturned 9-0 in the Supreme Court, that four Merrill executives go to jail for a year, and that was overturned by the Fifth Circuit, twice excoriated by judges for withholding exculpatory evidence, Mueller was excoriated himself for his conduct in the Whitey Bulger case, and also withholding exculpatory evidence.
By the way, four people went to jail for murder. Two of them died in the jail. They were all found innocent and 100 plus million dollars awarded by a judge.
Now I understand why Mueller and Andrew Weissmann seem to be best friends, because with that track record, they shouldn't be investigating anybody, Professor.
I trust law enforcement.
The top rank, yes, sir.
I know.
I understand that.
One day, I'll bring you back. I do think the issue of what they do with the FISA abuse is -- these are crimes. I do believe what happened with the email server is crimes. And I do believe they rigged an investigation and I think the I.G. report will back me up on that.
Agreed.
All right. Professor, thank you.
Sorry you are taking so much each. But I know you can handle it.
Joining us now as we keep on peeling the layers of this flawed special counsel investigation, we're discovering new deeply disturbing details. Who is Robert Mueller? That includes his time in Boston as acting U.S. attorney during the '80s. A tumultuous period for the FBI that involved an unethical, corrupt relationship with a notorious gangster, a guy by the name of Whitey Bulger, who I just mentioned, and the wrongful imprisonment and subsequent cover up of four men who were framed for murder.
Here with more, Fox News contributor, Sara Carter, civil rights criminal defense attorney David Schoen, Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett.
You believe that Comey is in severe legal jeopardy.
Did he rig the investigation into Hillary? Because you don't write an exoneration before investigation.
Let me go to Sara Carter. Sara, you -- SaraACarter.com, I'll give your Website, it's on my Website, Hannity.com. You wrote an amazing - - everybody said Robert Mueller is beyond reproach, I am frankly disappointed in myself that I did not do a deeper dive into who he was. You did. David Schoen did.
Gregg did. And I am seeing a million things about Robert Mueller that should scare every American.
Absolutely.
I say, David Schoen, the biggest abuse of power corruption scandal in the history of the country. Is that hyperbole or are the facts now bearing that out?
They all know each other. They are all best friends. They go back, Comey, and Rosenstein, Mueller and McCabe. They're all buddies.
There's, David -- and David, and Strzok, Peter Strzok involved in everything.
Ray.
You are saying a special counsel never should have been appointed. It didn't meet the standard.
David, do you agree with Gregg's assessment?
Sara, I give you the last word.
And by the way, let me address Trey Gowdy. Act like you're innocent. The way you act like you are innocent is to say I didn't do it which is what the president did.
You guys have been amazing. Thank you. When we come back, speaking of James Comey. A Hannity mini monologue and we're going to talk about his upcoming media tour. That Geraldo is also in Austin straight ahead.
HANNITY: All right. Let the countdown begin. Disgraced former FBI Director James Comey is prepping for yet another big moment in the spotlight. And just as we predicted, they have been warning you for months Comey is now just weeks away from cashing in on his very public feud with the president.
Of course he is planning a big full-scale media blitz to promote a brand new tell-all book. Now we all know this media tour is more than just an effort to sell books and make a little money and set the record straight.
In April, James Comey will be embarking on the biggest audition of his life. And according to the reports that are out there, he is not weighing offers from Hollywood to make the memoir into a film. So will he find the fame that he is seeking? Will he find a second career as an MSNBC conspiracy theorists or will he work at fake news CNN? Or will he get a new job next to Clinton sycophant George Stephanopoulos on ABC?
And tonight we report, you decide. A Hannity mini monologue. All right. Comey's big audition is getting off to a pretty predictable start with none other than Clinton BFF and sycophant, turned ABC News anchor George Stephanopoulos. They think George is going to give Homey a hard-hitting -- Comey a hard-hitting interview? I don't think so. Probably not. Let's watch this.
And not to be outdone, conspiracy TV, MSNBC they now have scored a big interview with James Comey now Trump hater. The former FBI director will appear on the Rachel Maddow's show. It's true. Birds of a feather they really do flock together. Here is what we mean.
Where is the evidence? Where is the evidence? Where is evidence? And finally, the icing on the cake James Comey's late night appearance with probably the biggest anti-Trump person in America Stephen Colbert.
If this interview goes well, Comey could finally find himself accepted into Hollywood's inner elite circle. What an honor! And James Comey shouldn't have had a hard time hitting a home run on Colbert's nightly Trump bludgeoning. Watch this.
All right. Without a doubt, James Comey in all honesty, he is the most arrogant, egotistical, self-righteous individual I've ever seen in the public's eye. He's going to fit right in with all these leftist hypocritical friends of his in Hollywood and I have no doubt that his big audition will be very well received by every liberal in the country.
And according to a new report from the Hollywood Reporter, well, Comey he might just get his chance. Comey is now considering offers to make his memoir into a movie or a TV-based film. And with all of that said I hope James Comey proved me wrong. James Comey, you are invited I will give you a full hour on this show. I will give you three full hours on 570 radio stations, the best stations in America. America deserves answers. Jim, it's time to answer the call.
But a quick reminder, you do have the right to remain silent. Joining us with reaction, Fox News national security strategist former deputy assistant to the president, Sebastian Gorka, Salem Radio nationally syndicated host, Larry Elder. Both of you are laughing. I think Larry is laughing harder so we'll go to him first. Larry?
An action figure! James Comey. How to rig an investigation by James Comey? That is another good one.
You know, Dr. Gorka, we know he released privilege information so he could get a special counsel that turns out to be his best friend. We also know that he rigged the information into Hillary. That evidence was so overwhelming. I can't wait for the I.G. report.
And we also know that he was aware that Hillary paid for the phony Russian dossier. They presented it before a FISA court. And they didn't tell the FISA court some key bits of information like, Hillary paid for this. It's a political document. And not only is it not verified it's full of lies. But they got the FISA warrant four times that way.
You can't make it up.
In fact, let me play both of you. I don't have a lot of time. I want to play, this is crazy Uncle Joe Biden giving a speech in Miami Tuesday.
Big, tough, crazy Uncle Joe. Imagine, and I would never say this and I trained pretty hard MMA five days a week. What if I did say, which I never saw, crazy Uncle Joe, come meet me in the octagon. What would the reaction be, Larry Elder?
Let me tell you--
Last word, Dr. Gorka.
Crazy Uncle Joe. Yes
By the way, you can't work at a 7-Eleven unless you have a slight Indian accent. He is bright, he is articulate. He's talking about Obama. Remember those words. All right, guys.
When we come back, we go back to Geraldo Rivera and the videotape confession from the Austin, Texas, serial bomber. Exclusively. Straight ahead.
All right. Joining us again live from Austin, Texas, Fox News correspondent at large, Geraldo Rivera. Now he is with the chief of the Austin Police Department, Brian Manley. Please send my thanks and my very high regards to him, his department and all the FBI guys and law enforcement, Geraldo, please.
Thank you, chief. Thanks to all the law enforcement, thank you, Geraldo. When we come back, a 94-year-old grandmother hits a shot like you have never seen. Next.
All right. You've got to love this. Check out this video. Ninety- four-year-old grandmother from Australia sinking a beer pong shot at her grandson's 21st birthday. Go grandma.
Boo! Nice shot, grandma. All right. Time for the Hannity hot line. Hit me with your best shot.
I agree. All right. Have something to say, nice, mean, doesn't matter. Hannity hot line 887 225-8587. Before we go, the movie I produce 'There Would Be Light.' It's on DVD, Wal-Mart, Amazon.con, Hannity.com. Follow @SeanHannity on Twitter. Let not your heart be troubled. The news continues.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 228  ***************************************************
 Six times since 1966, one conviction. So like every American, Paul Manafort, he deserves what we all deserve, the presumption of innocence. However, he is being tried tonight and convicted in the court of public opinion by what is an abusively biased Trump hating media.
Also, as part of the news that came out today, George Papadopoulos, he admitted, OK, he lied to the FBI. I think he is 29 years old. Now, I knew everybody in the Trump campaign. I never heard about Papadopoulos until today. And I think I knew everybody. Now, the White House says he was a volunteer, and it seems that Papadopoulos, on his own, was trying to create an anti-Clinton Russian dossier like the Fusion GPS Hillary DNC President Obama-funded dossier and he wasn't successful.
So now that we have no Trump collusion, here's what we do have tonight. This is what the media will ignore. This is what matters. These are the facts. This is where the evidence comes in. What did President Clinton or President Clinton want-to-be, President Obama, and key members of the administration, what did they know about the Uranium One scandal?
Now, we're learning about how the Obama administration officials, they knew in 2009 that Vladimir Putin was using bribes, extortion, kickbacks, money laundering, and racketeering all within this country, spies within this country, nothing was done to stop it. We have incontrovertible evidence that all involved tried to cover this up. They put a gag order on the one FBI informant that knew everything to prevent the truth from getting out. Now it's getting out.
We have incontrovertible evidence that the Clintons benefited in a massive, huge, financial way because of this corrupt Uranium One deal. We know Bill Clinton doubled his speaking fees in Moscow while giving a speech to a bank that interestingly enough, had a financial interest in Uranium One. Bill Clinton also tried to get State Department permission, his wife's State Department, to meet with Russian nuclear officials during the time of the Uranium One deal and he eventually ended up sitting down with Vladimir Putin himself.
And as the author Peter Schweizer writes about in his best-selling book, "Clinton Cash," the Clinton Foundation got $145 million in kickbacks from people that directly benefited from that deal. We have incontrovertible evidence that Putin and his spies and his thugs were actually successful because he eventually got 20 percent of America's uranium, the foundational material for nuclear weapons.
This is beyond insanity and it's inexcusable. Hillary Clinton, Bill Clinton, the Obama administration, allowed your national security to be compromised in what is an unprecedented way and few in the media will touch this story. Major crimes were committed. They knew about it. They did nothing before the deal.
Now, here's a simple question. We have to ask it. Why on earth would President Obama or Hillary or Eric Holder ever sign off on giving Russia, a known enemy, Putin, a bad actor, 20 percent control of our uranium? What did America get? What did Obama get from this Uranium One deal? It never made sense.
Now, we also have incontrovertible evidence that the Clinton campaign and the DNC, they paid Fusion GPS over $9 million --although nobody knows anything -- and they hired a former British intelligence agent who then used current and former Russian government sources to produce this phony, fake, salacious news dossier that was full of lies, disinformation and propaganda against Donald Trump.
In other words, Clinton and the DNC funded the money to spread Russian lies and influence the election. They did it all because it is the very thing they are now accusing President Trump and his campaign of doing, they did it themselves.
And we just found out this weekend, this new report from the Federalist, the headline, "Obama's campaign paid $972,000 to the law firm that secretly paid Fusion GPS in 2016." Wow! The same firm that the Clinton campaign, the DNC used to pay Fusion GPS to create the fake news propaganda, anti-Trump dossier that they then regurgitated all over TV.
Now, we also have Robert Mueller and his band of big Democratic donors that work for him now, supposedly investigating Trump-Russia collusion. And as I predicted right here on this show, there is still no evidence that's this ever happened. None.
Now former, current, and top Democrats have all said the same thing. Smoke, but no fire. Smoke, but no fire. Watch this.
No smoking gun. Tonight still no smoking gun. And your lying media in this country would have all of you believe the indictment of Paul Manafort and his associate Rick Gates has everything to do with Trump-Russia collusion. It has nothing to do with it. Here's the truth. Nothing. Now, none of that is related to President Trump. None of it. Zero is related to his campaign. And the vast majority of these allegations all happen before Paul Manafort ever worked for the Trump campaign.
And also tonight, the issue of Robert Mueller attempting to change the narrative to distract from the real Russia collusion and massive cover-ups. Don't think this is a coincidence. Last week right here on this program, we had stunning revelation after revelation day after day about Hillary Clinton, Uranium One, the fake news dossier and that special counsel Mueller is clearly complicit in the Uranium One scandal. Remember, he was the FBI director. The FBI informant had all the evidence of bribes and kickbacks and money laundering and he did nothing. So now they need to change the narrative after a very bad week and distract the country from their evidence and their involvement in possible collusion.
And, by the way, Mr. Mueller, who leaked the indictments to fake news CNN? Was it you? Now, I can confirm exclusively here tonight on "Hannity," Friday night, all day Saturday, Manafort's team did not know this was coming. So somebody disclosed this information. That is a crime, Mr. Mueller. You should know this. And by the way, anybody from the grand jury, it's a simple crime. Who did it? Did anyone, Mr. Mueller, in your office do it?
Now, while liberals in the media are hysterical, absolutely beside themselves with giddiness, thinking this is the big smoking gun about Paul Manafort, there is another major shoe dropping in these major Democratic scandals.
Now, we first reported on Tony Podesta over a week ago on October the 24. He is the brother of former Clinton campaign manager John Podesta. And according to Politico, Tony Podesta is now stepping down from his lobbying group because he is being investigated by the special counsel. And as we have now been reporting, the probe into Tony Podesta and his lobbying group came about after Mueller started looking into Manafort's finances. NBC News even pointed out that Podestas group worked on Manafort on a public relations campaign called European Center for a modern Ukraine.
And NBC News even adds that Mueller could be looking into whether Podesta and his company violated what's known as FARA, the Foreign Agent's Registration Act. And Politico is reporting that both Tony and, yes, John Podesta, Hillary's campaign manager, and even Sid vicious Blumenthal, they were all conveniently together this weekend at Hillary Clinton's birthday party in Washington. Hmm. I wonder what everybody talked about.
And after new revelations that the Clinton campaign and the DNC paid almost $10 million to help spread Russia anti-Trump lies and propaganda, well now even Senator Susan Collins is saying that John Podesta and disgraced former DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz, they need to re-testify before Congress about the phony Clinton-Russian lying dossier that was meant to influence the American people on the eve of an election.
Watch this.
And you need to know there is no chance that over $10 million goes out the door to pay for this lying dossier and nobody knows about it. If you listen to the Clinton people, the DNC people, "I don't know, I don't know, I don't know." Nobody knows. Ten million dollars out the door. And guess what? They're all lying because they all used the same attorney and the same law firm.
Take a look how congressman and former prosecutor Trey Gowdy is now properly interpreting what Clinton and the DNC and now Obama did in paying for this dossier. This is interesting.
This is not hyperbole. I am not overstating the case. We are at a major crisis point in America tonight. Do we have equal justice under the law in this country today? If you or I, if anybody in this room with me now or watching TV with you, if we ever did anything close to what the Clintons, the DNC, and others did, we would be rotting in a jail cell tonight hoping our friends would send us a cake that had a file.
The only difference between Trump-Russia collusion is that we have the evidence and after a year of black helicopter conspiracy theories, they have none. And just like we have the evidence when it comes to Clinton and her email server scandal. Why hasn't she been charged?
Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett, who will join us tonight, has helped us put together a list of all the laws broken in all of these scandals. Take a look at the side of your screen. These are the laws that were potentially broken all by the Clinton campaign and the DNC in the fake news dossier scandal. Of course, they use Russian sources, bought and paid for by Hillary, the DNC and Obama to smear Trump and influence the election with Russian lies.
Then there's the massive Uranium One scandal that Congress rightly is now investigating. We do need a special prosecutor.
Finally, you have --look right there -- federal statutes involving crimes like bribery and mail fraud and wire fraud and racketeering. And as we have been saying, all of this is beyond serious. It compromised our national security and people should be put behind bars.
There is also the Clinton email server scandal. I haven't forgotten. Truth matters. The law matters. Equal justice matters. Now, remember, she had secret, top secret, special access program, classified information on a server stored in the bathroom of a mom and pop shop.
Her team also deleted it over 33,000 subpoenaed emails using Bleach Bit and acid wash, smashing blackberries and other devices with a hammer, removing the sim cards before giving the mobile devices to the FBI. That's called obstruction of justice. That's a felony.
And just to recap, since it's so vitally important, probably the biggest scandal of all is Bill and Hillary Clinton selling out America's national security to Putin and the Russians and, guess what? The FBI had the information before they made the deal.
And the FBI director's name at that time was Robert Mueller. And Eric Holder was the attorney general at the time who oversaw the FBI. They had to know. And, yet, a year later, when even though they had evidence of bribery and collusion and money laundering and all these crimes, they ignored the evidence, and Eric Holder and Clinton signed off on the single -- beyond the Uranium deal -- dumbest national security decision ever.
Rod Rosenstein, he oversaw the investigation. Remember, he is the guy that appointed Mueller on a local level while he was serving as the U.S. attorney from Maryland. He appointed Mueller to be the special counsel here.
This is beyond incestuous. What about investigating their roles in Russia? Hillary Clinton's State Department. Eric Holder signed off on the deal a year later, knowing that Putin, what his intentions were to corner the uranium market. Bill Clinton makes a fortune. Doubles his speaking fees. Paid with a check from a bank that has financial interest in Uranium One. He tried to get his wife meetings with Russian nuclear officials for him but he met with Putin instead. That was in 2009. Then in 2010, Putin gets everything he wants, in spite of all the evidence of his spies, his agents committing crimes in this country.
And as we mentioned earlier, between Fusion GPS, between Uranium One, we have evidence of real Russian collusion. America tonight is at a crisis point. Will we have equal justice under the law or will America just be a Banana Republic, corrupt at its core? That is what is at stake tonight. And that is what the corrupt media will never tell you because the media is part of the corruption that is the sewer, that is the swamp, that is Washington, D.C.
So, tonight, America has a choice. We can have equal justice for everyone or we can live in a country where if you have the right politics, you stand for the right left wing positions, you can sell out your country and you can get away with it.
Guess what? This program is dedicated to the truth. We will get to the bough bottom of all of this.
Joining us now, he is the chief counsel for the American Center for Law and Justice, he is also one of the president's attorneys exclusive tonight, Jay Sekulow. Let me start with a simple question, your take on all of this.
Who did that, Jay?
Let me ask you this.
All right. So, the media is going obsessed. I know everybody in the Trump campaign. You know how active and I was in the campaign. And the media was ready to say Hannity is wrong and his career is over. It didn't happen. My obituary is written. Papadopoulos, I never heard of him. I'm told he is a volunteer. He is 29 years old.
Maybe worked for Mueller from July on.
I never heard of the guy until today. Thoughts?
-- that suggested that he said, no. And nobody knew who the guy was.
All right. Jay, we have to run.
All right. Jay, I appreciate it. Stay with us this hour, literally we have so much ground to cover. It's changing by the minute. We have a powerful line up. Newt Gingrich is next. Sebastian Gorka, Gregg Jarrett all here. And during this commercial break, go to my Twitter page @SeanHannity. We want to hear from you. Do you think equal justice under the law is at risk? Tell us what you think.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Here now with reaction to our opening monologue. All this breaking news out of Washington. The author of the best-selling book "Vengeance." Former Speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich.
The most amazing thing here, is this supposed to be a special counsel on Trump/Russia collusion. The big indictment today, announced leak Friday but announced today. Paul Manafort. Mr. Speaker, 31 pages. No Trump/Russia collusion. Zero. But all these other issues I am talking about the Fusion GPS dossier. The Uranium One deal. We have a boat load of evidence. What's your take?
Guns blazing.
Yes.
You know, here's the thing that I can't get. Can you think of any reason on God's green earth that Barack Obama, Hillary, putting aside all the evidence that we now know they had, that Vladimir Putin had agents in America bribing, extorting, money laundering, racketeering, they knew in 2009. Holder knew it, Mueller had to know it. Rosenstein knew it.
The two guys in particular in this case. Why would Hillary or Obama just on the surface of it, why would you ever give a hostile regime and a bad actor Vladimir Putin and Russia 20 percent of our uranium and that's what he set out for and we knew he set out and he was committing crimes to get there. How is that possible?
Talking about the Obama administration.
But, is there any reason you can think of that you would ever give 20 percent of the foundational material, American assets to Putin and Russia? What did America get? What did Obama get?
I have got to ask you about the fusion GPS story. I have got to ask you about how corrupt the media is. Also, you won't believe what Hillary Clinton said about our coverage, about this show of her scandals. Newt weighs in on that straight ahead.
No. We are just pointing out potential crimes and corruption that you had and we believe in equal justice under the law. What you did was inexplicable, Hillary. That was over the weekend once again attacking Fox News and obviously us, because we dare to tell the truth about the scandal surrounding her. We want equal justice under the law.
We continue more former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich. All right. The very thing they have been accusing President Trump of no evidence after a year, we now know they are guilty of. We now know that Clinton's campaign, the DNC and now we learned over the weekend Barack Obama, about $10 million, over $10 million of money spent to a law firm. Hillary used the same law firm to funnel money to this Christopher Steele that gets phony information from Russia, this salacious dossier using Russian sources to influence Americans in the last election. When is Mueller going to investigate that, because we know the money exchanged hands? We know it was propaganda and misinformation.
I disagree. Mr. Speaker. I have been telling people when you surround yourselves with only Obama Clinton donors no, Trump donors and you look at the Manafort thing and so far removed from his original mission, which was to look at Trump-Russia collusion. I have been telling people, he wants to use Manafort in the hopes to squeeze him to take down Trump. Tell me I'm crazy.
Don't believe it.
Ok.
Bribery, extortion, money laundering, racketeering and Mueller and Eric Holder and the FBI informant with evidence in 2009. They didn't stop the uranium one deal and they knew Putin was at the bottom of it. Let me ask you this. Talk about the fairness of a grand jury process, they are going to indict a ham sandwich. This is an area where Hillary Clinton, D.C., a good friend of mine pointed out, Ken Starr couldn't get indictment against the Clintons or conviction there ever. And yet this is the area now being used in this campaign, it seems like there is an injustice when so overwhelmingly left leaning liberal Democrat.
Probable cause.
Huge difference.
And you forgot Trump, I have another challenge. Look at the funding of Clinton and now Obama and the DNC for phony Russian propaganda that was repeated by everybody to influence an American election. We know they did that. That is a fact at this point.
Yes.
Hillary, DNC, Obama bought and paid for Russian propaganda to influence an election. We can follow the money. Mr. Speaker, you have been great. Thank you. Go ahead, last word. I see something good coming. Go ahead.
Yes. But hell would freeze over. We were right and they were wrong and they will never admit it.
Finally somebody saying what we have been saying. That is the White House press secretary Sarah Sanders earlier today explaining why the millions of dollars spent by the Clinton campaign on the DNC, fake Russian Trump news salacious dossier they bought and paid for by Hillary and by the DNC. Now we find out Obama.
Joining us now former deputy assistant to the President Sebastian Gorka, Fox News legal analyst. We will get to his column which is blockbuster in a minute Gregg Jarrett. All right. Sebastian Gorka, Sara is right, there is real Russian collusion, Hillary, DNC, Obama bought and paid for spread throughout the country to influence the election. All lies.
2006 to '14.
We will see what happens to Tony Podesta, if he did the same thing.
Let's see. Your column is amazing. Still no evidence of Trump/Russia collusion. Hillary a different matter. It's all reversed. The boomerang I predicted and now is coming.
That is a great way to describe it?
They are making a big deal about the 29-year-old. Who is he? I never heard of him.
That is it. And he recommended oh I can get a meeting with Putin. Who is this kid?
Fusion GPS, Clinton DNC, Obama funded through the same law firm. Laws broken here.
Is that propaganda?
This is -- there is so much here. You would be proud of me. Like you, I read all 31 pages. I did good today. Dr. Gorka, I don't know what's the bigger scandal that the real propaganda lies for the campaign, Russian lies was bought and paid for by Hillary and the DNC or that we sold out our national security for god knows what reason. Why would anyone give Russia and Putin, knowing in 2009 about bribery, extortion, money laundering, and racketeering by his spies within our country? They had the evidence. They had emails. They had an FBI informant. They had documents. They had tape recordings. And nobody stopped them.
He won, he got the 20 percent of America's uranium.
Mueller.
Rosenstein was the Maryland head of the whole thing.
U.S. attorney.
Never.
Obstruction. 33,000 subpoenaed emails. Real quickly. We have less than a minute. 90 percent area, you are forming a grand jury probable cause not beyond the reasonable doubt, you can't indict a ham sandwich?
Do you have any gut I instinct that they have a good case against Manafort that has nothing to with Trump-Russia?
We will talk to you about this later in the week. Thank you Dr. Gorka, thank you Gregg Jarrett. When we come back, wow, Let there be light, George Clooney and Matt Damon. We will tell you how.
I want to thank all of you, "Let There Be Light" -- I'm the executive producer -- a massive box office success. Remember, we are independent film. $1.9 million over the opening weekend. The best reviews we have ever seen. Number two in per screen average all nationwide. Now, get this. We were only because we are independent in 373 locations.

show#: 229  ***************************************************
 That poor woman, so disturbing. And according to The New York Post, the Manhattan District Attorney's office, they are somehow defending their decision to not prosecute Weinstein back in 2015? That is repulsive.
But unfortunately, it's only one of the many troubling revelations coming out about Harvey Weinstein. Hollywood A-listers like Gwyneth Paltrow, Angelina Jolie, they told The New York Times earlier today that Weinstein sexually harassed them.
Also other actresses are telling The New York Times that Weinstein was making unwanted advances. Heather Graham is also speaking out. She told Variety that Weinstein implied that if she had sex with him, he would get a movie deal and a movie role.
And also tonight, Weinstein's wife Georgina Chapman, she told People magazine she is now finally leaving her husband.
And according to the Daily Mail, Weinstein is taking a page out of the Clinton playbook. He's now hiring a top Hollywood lawyer in an attempt -- if you read it -- to discredit his victims. At this rate, the way it's going, it looks like this is only the tip of the iceberg when it comes to allegations against Harvey Weinstein.
Now what is even more disturbing is the fact that people, many of them in Hollywood knew what Weinstein was doing and they knew it for decades and they did nothing about it. And some in Hollywood are even being accused of helping to cover this up. Now according to a former New York Times reporter, there was a 2004 story that she was working on about Weinstein allegedly paying a woman to keep her silent after he sexually harassed her. Well, that was eventually killed with the help she says from actors Matt Damon and Russell Crowe. Now, Damon is denying that he played any role and says the conversation that he had with the reporter was not about Weinstein.
There's also a fashion designer -- want to be outraged? Donna Karan, she has to apologize today after saying on Sunday that Weinstein's accusers were, quote, "asking for it." And there's also the fact that as we highlighted last night, Weinstein is a huge, massive, major Democratic donor.
Now, the Center for Responsive Politics, their estimate is that Weinstein contributed over $2 million to Democrats and that just since the year 2000. Now, it includes individual donations to key, very key top Democratic names and players, including an estimated $44,000 to Hillary Clinton. And that's in addition to the $15,000 that Weinstein gave to her Super Pac or a Super Pac tied to Hillary. And Weinstein also donated over $56,000 to the Obama Victory Fund. Maybe that's why it took Clinton and the Obamas five days to begin to speak out.
And that's not all. The Hollywood executive dished out over $97,000 to the Democratic National Committee. He wrote checks for over $76,000 to the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee. Some Democrats, to their credit, are giving the money back. Others are donating to various liberal groups. Really? However, not every single Democrat is even doing that, even though they should be.
Remember back during the campaign? I made such a big deal about all of the money that Hillary Clinton, her foundation, was taking in from countries like Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Oman, Kuwait. The UAE. These are countries that treat women horribly. Remember, in some of these countries gays and lesbians are put to death. Christians and Jews are also persecuted under Sharia Law in these countries.
Now before we tell you what Hillary Clinton said about Weinstein today, along five days after the scandal broke, we want to remind you what the women who accused Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct said. I don't remember many Hollywood stars speaking out against Bill Clinton or talking about his issues that he had to deal with or how Hillary defended him. You may remember this.
He assaulted you.
He touched, grabbed, fondled and kissed you against your will.
And it's an allegation that is not made by one woman. It's made by multiple women.
Remember what Hillary said and a lot of Hollywood liberals who support Hillary? She said their accusations were part of the vast wright wing conspiracy. So, keep that in mind while I read you the statement, the ever so eloquent statement that she put out about Weinstein today. "I was shocked and appalled by the revelations about Harvey Weinstein. The behavior described by women coming forward cannot be tolerated. Their courage and the support of others is critical in helping to stop this kind of behavior."
Really, Hillary, really? Three generic sentences and your utter silence over the years? Now, here's the truth about the Clintons and Weinstein. Take a look at these pictures. They've known Weinstein for years and they have been more than happy to take all of his money and run campaigns. FoxNews.com is also reporting that Weinstein donated between $100 to 250,000 to that Clinton Foundation. Maybe that's why Hillary waited to condemn Weinstein. Countries that supports Sharia, maybe they bought her silence, remember? She never criticized those countries that treat women, gays and lesbians, Christians and Jews horribly. Did Weinstein by her silence also?
And also today, finally at this late hour, the Obamas, they finally put out a statement about Weinstein that reads this. Quote, "Michelle and I have been disgusted by the recent reports of Harvey Weinstein. Any man who demeans, degrades women in such fashion needs to be condemned and held accountable regardless of wealth or status. We should celebrate the courage of women who have come forward to tell these painful stories and we all need to build a culture including by empowering our girls in teaching our boys decency and respect so we can make such behavior less prevalent in the future."
Oh, OK, Obama loves to opine about cultural controversies. What took him so long to denounce Weinstein? Did it have to do with the fact that he's taken all that money from Weinstein and invited Weinstein to the White House? Maybe Barack Obama was too embarrassed because back in 2013, the former first lady Michelle Obama praised Harvey Weinstein during a White House event. Watch this.
Here's a question: are the Clintons, the Obamas, are you going to give the money that Weinstein donated, are you going to give it back? It's beyond despicable, beyond shameful. These rumors have been out there for years. And it's not surprising when it comes to the left. As I have explained over and over on this show, liberals love to be so sanctimonious, holier-than-thou. But they are really hypocrites. They claim moral authority over Republicans and conservatives over issues like women's rights, gay rights, freedom of speech, religious freedom. We conservatives on this program have spoken out about the treatment of women, gays and lesbians, Christians and Jews under Sharia. Hollywood is a perfect example of this hypocrisy. For decades, we've been hearing about this type of behavior, that Weinstein is being accused of.
Now, he's definitely not alone. It's bigger than anyone is going to tell you. We will be investigating. People have been talking for years. Ever hear the phrase, the casting couch in Hollywood? We've all heard that phrase. And guess what? Hollywood has turned a blind eye to what is systemic abuse. They just accepted it all while attacking conservatives as being anti-women, feeding moral outrage, selective moral outrage, any time a conservative is actually caught up in a scandal or an alleged scandal.
Hollywood does not care about the issue that they talked about because if they did, someone would have spoken out sooner about Weinstein. People have known for years and they did not do it. Hollywood, what do they do in the movies? They romanticize violence and sex. That is their bread and butter. And of course, cartoon characters , we all know their values system, we all know they slant left.
This is why it's bigger than anyone will tell you and I want to prove it to you. I have a video, it's from 2003. Remember? A guy accused of rape and even admitted to part of it? Roman Polanski? OK. That year he won an Oscar for best director. And then the Hollywood leftist audience, how did they respond?
Remember, he was in his 40s when the accusation took place. The girl we're talking about was 13. The same Polanski accused of raping a 13-year-old girl after giving her champagne and Quaaludes. He is 43 at the time of the alleged attack. Polanski charged with six felonies counts, fled to Europe before he got the full sentence he deserved. Which is why he was absent from this award ceremony. Now that you know this, take close attention. How did the Hollywood Oscars crowd, which included Harvey Weinstein and Meryl Streep and others, how did they cheer for this accused child rapist? Watch this. It speaks volumes.
Now seeing that after knowing what Polanski did to a 13-year-old girl, should we really be surprised that Hollywood leftist liberals did not expose Weinstein sooner? We also have to point out that some in Hollywood, they still support Polanski. Back in 2009, after Roman Polanski --he was arrested in Switzerland. People wanted him extradited to California on this 1977 case. But over 100 leftist Hollywood celebrities -- and we're showing you some of the notable ones right there -- they all signed a petition demanding the guy that did this to a 13-year-old girl be released.
Now, there are also reports that Harrison Ford and Harvey Weinstein himself signed that petition. This hypocrisy is stunning, it's shameful, it's beyond disgusting.
Here's my prediction tonight: This Harvey Weinstein scandal is only the tip of the iceberg. For example tonight, after Terry Crews, he announced he was sexually assaulted by a, quote, "high-ranking Hollywood executive." We will have a lot more on the days and weeks ahead and more coming up later on the program.
Here with reaction first, Fox News correspondent-at-large Geraldo Rivera. Radio talk show host Larry Elder and conservative commentator Monica Crowley. I want to start with you. You knew him.
Tina Brown.
Right.
Right.
You know what, how is it possible, Geraldo? I have friends. They all told me the same thing that live in Los Angeles. Everybody knew. Everybody knew and it is far more pervasive than anybody knows. The guy in New Zealand I know whose hiring attorneys to expose all of these people. I think this is going to get bigger.
I remember that.
So true. You know, Larry, you lived in L.A. It's different in this sense. Everybody I know that lives out there, there are so many people, young people that go out there with dreams and aspirations and they want to be actors and actresses. And models and all of this. I am told by my friends there, this is so pervasive. And it's worse than anybody knows. What do you hear from other people in the industry?
Larry, here's the main point. The Clintons got a pass. Because they are liberal.
And now all the things I've been saying about the money they take from countries that have Sharia, the Clintons got a pass on all Bill Clinton's garbage and they all knew that was true.
It didn't stop them from voting for her.
And she never -- not a peep out of Hillary and -- Monica, go ahead.
Should be believed.
Only this year. Only that last year though.
I'm not going to cast dispersions on one group of people. I'm not going to cast dispersions on women that were afraid to talk. But so many waited and I am thinking if you are waiting, you've got to know in the back of your head this guy is not changing his behavior. And some of the women were very rich and powerful.
That is a good point.
Geraldo.
All right. We're just up on a clock. I promise our audience, we'll going to get to the bottom of it. Because this young people deserve better. You know, this casting couch crap has got to stop. Good to see you. I'm sorry about what you went through, too.
When we come back, the NFL commissioner, we'll have more on this later on the program.
Roger Goodell, huge announcement today on the national anthem controversy. You're going to want to hear this. Newt Gingrich in studio as we continue straight ahead tonight on "Hannity."
Welcome back to "Hannity." So today, the NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell finally responded to the national anthem controversy plaguing the league. Hello, Roger. In a letter written to all NFL teams. Goodell wrote in part, "The current dispute over the national anthem is threatening to erode the unifying power of our game and is now dividing us and our players from many fans across the country."
He then continued, "Like many of our fans, we believe that everyone should stand for the national anthem. We need to move past this controversy and we want to do that together with our players."
Meanwhile, Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones, he repeated his position today that he will bench players who disrespect the flag. Good for him. Watch this.
Remember, people fought bled and died under that flag. Unfortunately, those on the left in this country were quick to accuse Jerry Jones of being racist. This is pathetic. Watch this.
Really? What about NFL players? Are we restricting their free speech rights when one player wants to put on his cleats, on the 15th anniversary on 9/1101, never forget and put the date? 9/1101. Or when the Cowboys, they wanted to honor, the police officers that were assassinated in the line of duty. They were forbidden from doing that. And you can't twerk and you can't do a fake bow and arrow in the end zone and you can't taunt. Really? A lot of free speech restrictions than the NFL.
Joining us now, author of "Liberalism or How to Turn Good Men into Whiners, Weenies and Wimps," former NFL player rock star. And Burgess Owens is back with us. And civil rights attorney Daryl Parks.
Daryl, there are plenty of restrictions on free speech in the NFL. Can't remember 9/11. You cannot honor dead police officers assassinated in the line of duty. One player wanted to honor his mother with pink but it wasn't the month of October. He was denied that request. So, why can't they make rules here too without being called racist?
This is about low ratings and revenues walking out the door. This is not about principle. Goodell has gotten the message. People aren't watching it. They're not putting up with the disrespect of the brave men and women who fought, bled, and died fighting for that flag and they're right to play a fun sport and can pay a lot of money.
There is a place for everything.
Burgess, I mentioned this. Robert Kraft, he said to all his players, I will match you dollar for dollar. Let's do something in our communities and help people.
There is not one -- you know, I'm all for -- I make my living with freedom of speech, Daryl. I'm all for it's a shame that nobody paid attention in Obama's adopted hometown during his presidency and 39 people killed, 18,000 shot in six years, the final six years of his presidency. Where was everybody? Where was everybody when kids are dying?
God's sons and daughters are dying and I've scrawled their names nobody heard of before.
Yes. Burgess, we'll give you the last word.
All right guys, we've got to leave it and go there. We appreciate it. When we come back, Roger Goodell's statement about players standing for the anthem, a big win for President Trump. We'll ask Newt Gingrich about that, about Harvey Weinstein, whether or not Republicans can get anything done and the battle between Senator Corker and President Trump. We got a lot of ground to cover on this busy breaking news night. Stay with us.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So today, NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell sent that letter to the NFL owners saying that the league believes everyone should stand for the national anthem. Wow, finally they're getting on board. Here's what President Trump has been calling for. Here with reaction, author of a brand new -- I don't think this is going to outdo your last one.
Your last book was, you know, 30 weeks on The New York Times list. Newt Gingrich, his brand new book is "Vengeance," a former speaker of the house and also by the way, his wife, Callista, who's going to be the ambassador to the Vatican, she has a new book out which is the latest installment of the Ellis the elephant series, "Remember the Ladies." She can't sell her --
Congratulations. Huge win for Trump I think and he was right to bring this debate on the NFL in the anthem.
Yes it did dramatically.
Now you're sounding cynical as I am in life, which is I'm very --
You mean when the ratings went to the lowest level in Monday Night Football history and their revenues are sinking and it caught their attention?
They too wanted -- think what you're saying, and actually very clever. I want to go back to this Harvey Weinstein issue because there's a huge political component here. You've known me all these years. I first interviewed you in 1990. The first time it was in Holiday Inn in Decatur, Alabama.
The thing that frustrates me the most is a lie that is told, that Republicans are racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic, every two to four year, every election cycle. Poor Mitt Romney had resumes of women and was accused of misogyny. You couldn't meet a nicer guy in your life, right? Now, all the hypocrisy - Hilary takes money from countries that practice sharia.
They take money from Weinstein. Everybody I know in Hollywood says this was an open secret, how abusive and horrible this man was. The casting couch is not a new concept. It did not matter that Bill Clinton treated women horribly. They still voted for Bill and Hillary. Why the double standard?
They owned them.
Twitter and Facebook.
There is an ugly, hypocritical underbelly here, though. The left will tolerate the sins of the left. Hollywood celebrities tolerated the sins of the Clintons because of what their politics were. Any conservative, even if it's not true, they will go forward with the fierce feigned outrage.
Do you think they really, deep down in their hearts know, how hypocritical they are?
And sincerely they can -- but they'll tolerate the sins of their own. They'll tolerate a double -- you know, Leonardo Di Caprio is a big green guy. It's not enough to celebrate New Year's Eve once with a private jet to Australia and then a private jet to fly back to Vegas so you get to celebrate it twice.
And then of course, he can buy carbon offset which is the equivalent of buying, you know, a diamond watch, ring, and necklace if you're unfaithful to your wife and say, it's just an offset, honey. No problem. That'll work. What's a carbon offset is? Oh, I can send all I want. I can put out all the admissions I want but you've got to get rid of your caravan and drive a bicycle.
I got a video of Al Gore getting off a gulf stream and it's only him and his wife which seats 18.
I'm the only person in life that can throw you off. I'm sorry.
All right, the double standard hypocrisy.
Any conservative.
At Berkeley.
All right, stay right there. I want to ask you about this battle between Corker and the president and the agenda and whether it can get done. And we'll talk about your new book. It's not going to do as well as "Understanding Trump." And I haven't read it yet. I just got it today.
You can't do better than 30 weeks in a row.
Oh really.
OK, well I'm going to start reading it tonight. I'll pull it up in a second. We'll take a break. More with Newt on the other side, stay with -- oh, and I have an announcement, straight ahead.
As we continue with the author of the (INAUDIBLE), I actually got my copy right here. I dropped it. Right here, "Vengeance." Former speaker - - he's upset because I said it's not going to do as good as "Understanding Trump" which was --
This is your passion. You are not really a commentator. I don't even think you -- although you're one of the best speakers, you're one of the great political visionaries. You actually can give a course to these idiots in Washington today, how to have urgency, keep your promises and get things done. But this is your passion and it models today -- right from today's headlines you said.
That's right. I think it's partly a problem because we have verticals. We think, OK, we're going to deal with North Korea but that's not -- it's not North Korea. It's North Korea and the terrorists and Iran and Russia and you have to think networks of behavior. And the point we make inventions (ph) is what if terrorists got two super tankers full of fuel, swapped it to the North Korean for nuclear material to make dirty bombs?
That's a possibility.
Can I have the movie rights? I have my first movie coming up. Here's -- so we got this battle going on. I know most people feel like me right now. When you became speaker, you end up balancing the budget, welfare reform, but you also would take out of your pocket a piece of paper, first 100 days we're going to do these ten items and you did them, you kept your word.
Repeal and replace, seven and a half years. Do you know how aggravated I am that they weren't ready for that moment? Now it appears they may not be ready for this moment in terms of the tax bill, which the forgotten men and women need and Bob Corker is in a war with Donald Trump and I'm thinking this isn't going to help the country.
By the way, they hate him. Let's be honest here. I talked to people in that Senate room when the doors closed and they tell me exactly what is said by Ben Sasse, Lindsey Graham, Senator McCain, Mitch McConnell and Bob Corker, they don't like this president.
At least he had three terms by that point, I mean.
We haven't gotten through the first year.
I'm not worried about -- the House has sent over, Mr. Speaker, 280 bills.
It's only gotten a third of the presidents appointments.
It's a year. What are they doing? What are they doing?
Older brother talk.
The calm Hannity down tone.
Just for them or for us?
Especially them.
Why am I having a hard time and I think I speak for a lot of people, you ask for the house in 2010 and you get it. You ask for the Senate in 2014 and you get it. You asked for the White House, you get it.
You got it all and then you have all this lead up time.
How is that even possible?
Did you hear how pompous and arrogant and what a jackass Corker sounded like in that "New York Times" interview? Those are my words.
I was there the night you were elected speaker.
Yes.
Keep your promises.
Your brand new book. Callista's new book, she can't sell hers. All right. I mean it's for children. (INAUDIBLE) is a great series. Thank you for being with us and we'll see you soon. Hannity.com if you want to get it. More "Hannity" straight after with this.
All right, a couple of reminders before we go. You know what? I'm so sick of Hollywood. About two years ago, I had a meeting with Kevin and Sam Sorbo and I got involved as the executive producer. My first movie, I think I'm out of my mind, but the good news is the project's done and it's coming out. And guess what, it's not like Hollywod. It's not formulaic. It actually has values that you and your entire family can go see. It's got a great story and it's going to be in theaters October 27th. Here's a little bit. Take a look.
All right, on my website, Hannity.com, a list of theaters. It will debut October 27th. I think you and your family will like it.
Now tomorrow, programming note, I go to Pennsylvania, Harrisburg. President Trump will be my special guest for the hour and that full interview will air tomorrow night eastern. Thanks for being with us.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 230  ***************************************************
 And today, while speaking in front of the parole board, O.J. Simpson was a mix of emotions. At times, he got angry. Other times, he was smiling and laughing. Here's what he had to say earlier today.
All right, pretty unbelievable. Joining us now with reaction, someone who extensively covered the murder trial in the 1990s, TMZ's Harvey Levin. Harvey, welcome back. You really did. I mean, careers were actually in some of our mutual friends -- Geraldo, Gregg Jarrett, others -- careers were made on this case.
I love inviting Harvey Levin on my show to beat me up. That's why we're such good friends.
Go right ahead!
No, go ahead. I'm kidding.
Hey, Harvey...
OK. The 33-year sentence -- by the way, I agree with everything you just said. Why did you assume -- because I was laying out the facts. I realized on my radio show today that some of the people that work for me were 5 years old. they didn't cover this the way we did. I guess it speaks volumes about our age. I do believe --
What's that?
I see the young kids you work with. It cracks me up. And they get you pretty good on your show. But in all seriousness, the evidence, you agree with me, was overwhelming and incontrovertible in the murder case, and then he was held liable in the civil trial.
OK, but it was an armed robbery. He did help organize this and lead this. There was danger here. And you know, whether it's about memorabilia or not, 33 years, agreed way too much. Retribution...
Yes, I think the sentence was harsh and I don't disagree.
All right, Harvey Levin, TMZ, thank you, sir.
All right, joining us now with more reaction, FOX News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera, FOX News anchor, attorney Gregg Jarrett. And on the phone, the author of "In Contempt," attorney, former prosecutor in O.J. Simpson's murder trial Christopher Darden.
All right, Geraldo, you've been out there all day. Let's talk about your thoughts because more than any other show, I think, at the time in America, you defined this case. It was the ratings to your cable show. You brought cable alive at that time.
It was armed robbery.
... serious crime.
Armed -- all right, Gregg, you -- you don't want this guy out of jail, period. Do you think he's a danger?
Christopher Darden, the world watched as you and Marcia Clark -- and you prosecuted this case. I went through the overwhelming amount of evidence, incontrovertible evidence. The verdict comes in that day. How do you feel about it these many years later?
But then the verdict comes in that day, and you see two very different reactions in the country. I mean, I thought you guys did your job. I don't know, maybe the glove having shrunk, you weren't prepared for that. But shy of that, isn't this a case where it's a slam dunk in your mind?
Yes.
Chris, good to talk to again. I know it's been many years, and all the best to you. We appreciate it, Chris Darden.
When we come back, we'll have more with Gregg Jarrett. Judge Jeanine Pirro will join us, Geraldo Rivera. More on the breaking news O.J. Simpson will be free as of October. Newt Gingrich. Also, we have a mini monologue tonight on the destroy Trump alliance that is working every day to take this president down and his administration. Are Republicans a part of it?
And Senator Ted Cruz in studio. He's got a proposal that will lower everybody's health care premium. Will his fellow Republicans listen?
All right, that was O.J. Simpson speaking earlier today during his parole hearing, saying he has lived a conflict-free life. Really?
Yes. You know, I'm sitting here, Geraldo, talking to Gregg Jarrett, and Gregg followed the case closely, like you did. And both of you have the same perception. You both think he's such a narcissist. Do you think he fully knows, is conscious, is aware that all the evidence is so overwhelming that he really did commit this, or is somehow he's been able to compartmentalize it away?
Gregg, you think he's so narcissistic, you don't think he really is aware.
How could you be in denial if you killed two people?
You really believe he knows -- he doesn't know he did it, or he knows he did it but just never thinks about it?
Reality.
All right...
Geraldo, he didn't see you today, did he, because I think he probably would have -- his face would've contorted.
Yes, I'll be looking for the killers on the golf course when he gets out. Thank you all for being with us.
And a quick programming note. Tune in this Sunday night at 8:00 P.M. for "O.J. Simpson, Justice Served" hosted by Geraldo Rivera.
And coming up, establishment Republicans -- they have done nothing to help the president advance his agenda and help the American people. I'll share my thoughts in an important monologue. That's coming up next. They need to get their act together.
Also Newt Gingrich -- he'll weigh in. Also, Senator Ted Cruz in studio talks about how to lower premiums and health care. And Tomi Lahren -- she'll get the final word tonight straight ahead.
And welcome back to "Hannity." New evidence tonight that the Washington, D.C., swamp and the deep state -- they're trying to sabotage, undermine and destroy Donald Trump's presidency. That is the subject of tonight's mini monologue.
All right, today President Trump has been an office for six months. He has a long list of accomplishments despite getting no help from congressional Republicans. Now, we've been telling you about the five forces that have been working against the president, and tonight I want to focus on establishment Republicans in particular.
Now, yesterday, President Trump told GOP lawmakers that, quote, "inaction is not an option" of getting rid of ObamaCare. Yet in the Senate, the effort to repeal and replace the disastrous health care law is stalled and we're not sure how it's all going to turn out here.
Now, which is very frustrating. It's beyond frustrating. All of us here for years -- we've been hearing over and over again, seven years, 2010, 2014, 2016 they're going to get rid of ObamaCare. Now, the American people -- you know what? You've been bearing the burden for ObamaCare. But instead of Republicans keeping their solemn promise of seven years, they haven't done a thing.
So tonight, we're asking them why that is. Are there enough establishment Republicans now that are willing to go down with the ship, maybe risk their seat because of their hatred for President Trump? Isn't this supposed to be the Republican Party, the party of repeal and replace? Isn't it supposed to be the party of energy independence? Isn't it the party of originalism on the court, the party of safety and security of the homeland? Do these Republicans -- do they not care about low taxes, less government, creating jobs?
Now, President Trump's agenda is what the Republican Party tells us they stand for. So there really shouldn't be any excuses. And at this point, there should be some sort of tangible progress.
So tonight, these Republicans who aren't doing everything they can do to pass the president's agenda through Congress -- the agenda that you, the American people, voted for and deserve -- well, they need to take a good, hard look in the mirror tonight. If you're in Congress, the House, the Senate, and you're not doing your job, if you're not serving the American people -- you're supposed to be public servants -- then get out of the way. Good home. Let somebody else do the job you won't do.
Also tonight, more evidence that Robert Mueller, the special counsel, that they are on a massive witch hunt. Bloomberg tonight reporting that the special counsel is now looking into business transactions and financial dealings of President Trump and people that are connected to his campaign. Now, this, of course, comes after President Trump last night told The New York Times that Mueller would be crossing the line if he did that.
Now, this is what I've been talking about when I say the deep state is at work. So just hours after the president's statement, well, someone leaked this information to Bloomberg to try and damage the president, annoy the president and frustrate the president.
And today, yet another example of deep states leaks. The Wall Street Journal is reporting that the special counsel is investigating Paul Manafort for possible money issues, and we'll have the latest and more breaking news as that develops.
Now, Mueller should be investigating who is committing crimes by leaking this type of information to the press. Now, these leaks have been going on for months and months and months. Nothing is done to stop them, and they continue.
And aside from these potentially criminal leaks, well, Mueller, he has massive conflicts of interest. For example, President Trump pointed out to The Times a huge conflict of interest the mainstream media has largely ignored. Do you know the day before Mueller was appointed as special counsel -- guess what? He was interviewed by President Trump for the FBI director job. So Mueller knew he had a chance to be appointed special counsel, yet he still interviewed to be the FBI director. It's beyond ridiculous.
Also, Mueller has several other conflicts of interest. Remember, he's BFF with James Comey who's a key witness in this investigation. Well, that could be a potential violation of the law. And Mueller -- what did he do? Look at the people he's hired -- members on his team, well, that have donated thousands and thousands of dollars to Democrats, Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama. Take a look at this graphic. His investigators have donated tens of thousands of dollars to the likes of these people. OK, and by the way, what's even worse is that one of the lawyers on Mueller's team, guess what? He used to be Hillary Clinton's lawyer at the Clinton Foundation.
Joining us now, author of "The New York Times" bestseller "Understanding Trump," former speaker of the House, Newt Gingrich. That's a pretty big conflict of interest, sir. By the way, eight weeks on the "Times" list, congrats.
How is it possible that they're hiring not only Hillary Clinton's lawyers, he had applied for the FBI director's job. He's best friends with James Comey who leaked on purpose to get this special counsel. And how do you higher all these people who only donated to Clinton and Obama and Democrats? How is that anyway fair, and now we've moved three steps beyond what the original investigation was supposed to be about because there's no there there.
All great questions. And I've got to tell you. This is getting really ugly, and the conflicts of interest and the double standards are amazing.
We'll take a break. We'll come back. We'll have more with Newt Gingrich right after this break.
Also tonight, Texas Senator Ted Cruz will join us later in studio. He'll explain how Republicans can get to a "yes" on repealing, replacing Obamacare and lowering premiums.
And then later tonight.
Tomi Lahren is back with tonight's final word as we continue on this busy breaking news night tonight on "Hannity."
Welcome back to "Hannity." We continue now with former speaker of the House, FOX News contributor, Newt Gingrich. So you've said on this program that you believe that if Republicans don't get their act together and don't get their job done, that there's a chance Nancy Pelosi could be speaker again, and elected in 2018. How big a danger in this, and what do you think needs to get done for that not to happen?
I know that you have wanted to do infrastructure, you wanted to do the tax cuts, you wanted to get the economy going. And maybe you weren't the biggest fan of starting with health care, but at this point, I don't think failure is an option. They've got to get it done. And I don't really care either way. If it's got to be repeal, transition, I'm fine with that. Just hopefully they will get it right in the interim for health savings accounts and other issues like cooperatives. I don't care if they do a bill and create the opportunity to at least create those options as Senator Cruz has been talking about.
So four actually get to hold the rest hostage.
At the latest, and you said make it retroactive, which I think is a great idea.
Eight weeks "New York Times," including number one, "Understanding Trump," Amazon, bookstores everywhere. Mr. Speaker, great to see you. Thanks for being with us.
So coming up, will Republican lawmakers, can they get their act together? Can they get a deal done on health care? Senator Ted Cruz is actually in studio tonight.
And then later --
Tomi Lahren, she'll take on the mainstream left-wing establishment media tonight as she gets the final word, straight ahead.
That was President Trump yesterday speaking with Republican senators after they failed to keep their promise to repeal and replace Obamacare. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says he plans to call a vote next week on the motion to proceed on the GOP health care bill. Among the possible amendments, Senator Ted Cruz's consumer freedom option which frees insurers from Obamacare regulations, that would drive down premiums. According to the HHS, analysis of Senator Cruz's amendments, it would lower premiums and enrollment would increase more under his plan than it would under Obamacare by 2024.
Here is the man himself to explain all that. Senator, good to see you. How are you? Reading your plan, tell me if I'm right. You can save how much as a family a year, how dramatic is the decrease in premiums?
That's serious reductions. And I was asking at the beginning of my monologue tonight, I'm asking, does the Republican Party, do they want to be the party of freedom, capitalism, entrepreneurship, competition, solid borders, secure borders, energy independence, what party do they want to be, senator?
If they do what Newt Gingrich says, a possibility of a Speaker Pelosi exists.
Where are we now? Because it keeps going back and forth between repeal and transition. Or the bill that you worked on with your amendment, which I like your amendment. But if that could be part of the transition, fine, I would be fine with that too.
I'd be happy.
We saw that in the house, though. There were 100 Republicans. There were nearly 68 votes, show votes. And just like you got in trouble, I remember supporting you, watching you the night you were filibustering. If they would have done it then and used their constitutional authority, power of the purse, we wouldn't be here.
Senator, I have said and I believe that there are five things Republicans better have done if they want to keep power, which they asked for, as you said, 2010, 14, 16. One, the president was able to do it, that was Neil Gorsuch. They got him in the Senate.
Second, Obamacare has to be done. It's not an option. If you don't get it done, they're going to pay a price.
The next thing, energy, because it will create millions of high- paying career jobs. The next one is the American people by 2018 better see 300 miles of that border fence they've been promised.
I'm saying in one year, that's fair.
And the next thing is I like the president's economic plan. It's very Reaganesque. Fifteen percent corporate rate, middle-class tax cuts, repatriation, multinational corporations, all the people in poverty, on food stamps, what happens to them?
I watched you after the meeting the White House, the lunch I guess yesterday with the president. I watched very close. You said failure is not an option. I don't see some of your colleagues saying failure is not an option.
What of those conversations like with you?
Everyone but Susan Collins. So how they justify not doing it now?
I'm fed up.
Will Rand and Mike Lee support it?
So now it's at two. And Senator McCain is sick.
Every American deserves and needs that desperately.
I agree. Keep your words.
When we come back, up next tonight on "Hannity."
Conservative political commentator Tomi Lahren, she's back tonight. She has the final word tonight and all week as we continue straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So all week conservative political commentator Tomi Lahren has been giving us the final word. Here is tonight's.
All right, Tomi, thank you. And that is all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. This program will always be fair and balanced. We are not the destroy-Trump establishment media. We'll see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 231  ***************************************************
 He hasn't been in this line of work, in the swamp, in the sewer, doesn't understand the legislative process. OK, this is beyond unbelievable. And the president, to his credit -- he responded on Twitter.
He wrote, quote, 'Senator Mitch McConnell said I had excessive expectations, but I don't think do. After seven years of hearing repeal, replace, why is it not done?'
Mitch McConnell, you have lived in this D.C. sewer and swamp obviously for way too long. And here's the thing that Mitch McConnell doesn't seem to understand. President Trump -- he didn't set those excessive expectations. Senator McConnell, you did. Republicans did in the House and the Senate. You promised over and over and over again over seven years that you were going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. You couldn't even get the skinny repeal done.
And Speaker Paul Ryan -- he sat down with me in February. He promised that Republicans had a 200-day plan to get all kinds of the Trump agenda and all these items done for the American people. Well, Guess what? It hasn't happened.
So Senator McConnell, my message to you -- if all you're going to do is whine like a 10-year-old and complain and make excuses and blame the president for your failure after eight months of him now being in office and you have in the House and Senate -- guess what? It really is time to drain the sewer and swamp.
You know, Mitch McConnell, have you ever had in all your years in politics an enthusiastic crowd like President Trump? I doubt it. The American people voted for this president's agenda. He has an identity. He has a plan. He's fighting every day. What do you even stand for at this point? He wants it enacted. He has a pen in hand. Senator, if you can't get it done, get out of the way! Retire. Leave Washington. Go play golf. Go fishing.
And then, of course, you have people like Senator John McCain. Now, after casting the deciding vote to kill the effort, even the skinny repeal and replace ObamaCare, well, McCain is back to criticizing President Trump for his tough words against North Korea.
He lives to criticize President Trump. Now, he's saying that he's not sure how President Trump's tough rhetoric is going to help. Well, Senator McCain, you know, perhaps would you like to explain your comments and jokes supposedly about 'Bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb Iran' back in 2007? Did that help that situation? You might remember Senator McCain doing this.
Senator McCain, you've also in the course of your career -- you've called for military intervention, let's see, in Libya, Syria, Ukraine, North Korea and Iraq. And there's these comments from Senator McCain just a couple of weeks ago on the Senate floor. Senator, look at your own remarks!
No, your inaction, your incapacity here -- that's your problem. You made the promises and your inaction is, frankly, embarrassing. And you made these promises. And Americans are suffering.
Here's the thing. If senators like McCain, McConnell, Collins, Lisa Murkowski of Alaska -- you guys want to obstruct the entire Republican Party's agenda, the president's agenda just like the Democrats and then make excuses and cast blame here, there and everywhere about why you can't do your job and fulfill your promises -- well, I say it's now time to clean house.
Let's put in new leaders in Washington who will keep their word, keep their promises, serve the American people! You know what? All of you senators, you should lose your chairmanships. We should put leaders in those positions in Washington who care about the American people; that have a sense of urgency about the 50 million in poverty, on food stamps, and then millions and millions out of the labor force.
Finally tonight, President Trump -- this is a crisis. His administration -- they're not backing down amid the growing tensions with North Korea.
Earlier today, President Trump took to Twitter. He said, 'My first order as president was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It's now far stronger and more powerful than ever before. Hopefully, we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world.'
And his secretary of defense, 'Mad Dog' James Mattis, followed that up with a strongly worded statement that reads in part, 'The DPRK must choose to stop isolating itself and stand down its pursuit of nuclear weapons. The DPRK should cease any consideration of actions that would lead to the end of its regime and the destruction of its people.'
And he continued with this. Quote, 'The DPRK regime's actions will continue to be grossly overmatched by ours and would lose any arms race or conflict it initiates.'
This situation with North Korea is extraordinarily dangerous for the entire world. And as I said last night, there are no good solutions. And what the Trump administration is now facing is the direct result of the policies of appeasement, the policies of capitulation to North Korean dictators.
Let's go back to 1994. The Clinton administration -- they struck a deal with Kim Jong Un's father, Kim Jong-il, whereas The New York Times reported, the U.S. agreed to give North Korea' -- get this -- $4 billion in energy aid over a 10-year period. Oh, with the promise in exchange that North Korea will freeze and eventually end their nuclear weapons program.
North Korea agreed, and guess what? They allowed inspectors into their nuclear sites, but they also were allowed to keep their nuclear fuel rods, which of course, can be used to make weapons. Despite these concerns, Bill Clinton patted himself on the back and said this is a good deal for the American people. Turned out not to be such a good deal. Take a look.
Well, as we now know, well, the world is not a safer place, wasn't a good deal for the American people. Bill Clinton was dead wrong. And at the end of the 1990s, North Korea test-fired a long-range missile, and that's why back in 1999, on 'Meet the Press' -- let's see if the mainstream media shows you this -- then private citizen Donald Trump with Tim Russert, criticized Bill Clinton's horrible deal. Watch this.
You better do it now. Then in 2006, the rogue regime conducted its first nuclear test. And under the Obama administration, what do we see? An acceleration of dangerous activity from North Korea, which leads us to this very dangerous, precarious situation we're at today. Now, earlier today, I had an opportunity to speak with the deputy assistant to the president, Dr. Sebastian Gorka.
Dr. Gorka, welcome to 'Hannity.' Thanks for being with us.
OK, am I outlining this right? There are no good answers, and this is a far more dire, difficult situation than a lot of people are really realizing here.
You know, Dr. Gorka, I've analyzed this as closely as I can under a best-case scenario. We had a very important vote over the weekend and -- the U.N. Security Council, 15 to zero. Let's say all of those nations come together, our allies in Israel, even China, even Russia, even all our Western European allies. And we have to take these sites out because they're a clear and present danger to the entire world.
We saw a little movement in that direction after the president met with the president of China. So there's I guess there's a little bit of hope there. Both Ambassador Bolton, who'll join us tonight, and Newt Gingrich last night, talked about the capacity of great redundancy with missile defense. Newt talked about 20, 30, 40 attempts to be able to take a missile out of the air.
Well, we know what an electric pulse would do if even it exploded over the United States, killing our power grid, all electronics. That is a very scary scenario where potentially millions could die.
Dr. Gorka, thank you.
When we come back, we will have more on what he was just discussing, and that is the blackmail, the appeasement. Some Democrats still want to follow that stupidity as we have these escalating tensions with North Korea. John Bolton, Lieutenant Colonel Ollie North are here. They're next, and much more tonight straight ahead on...
That was the secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, earlier today reassuring the American people that the U.S. is capable of defending itself amid the latest North Korea threats.
Here with reaction, former U.S. ambassador to the U.N., FOX News contributor John Bolton. Ambassador, there are those that actually -- John McCain actually suggested today, Oh, Donald Trump may set this guy off.
And then Dianne Feinstein said the president's remarks were bombastic and may further isolate them. And they were bilateral negotiations with the people that have never kept an agreement in their life, which is why we're at this point.
What are your thoughts?
Is there a good solution that I'm not seeing? Dr. Gorka said there probably are other things. Are there ones that you're confident, Ambassador, that wood work without taking out those nuclear sites?
What if we don't...
And if we don't do that now, sooner than later?
Not a good option. As I've been saying, Ambassador, pretty chilling. Thank you, sir, for being with us.
Here now with more reaction, the host of 'War Stories,'
Lieutenant Colonel Oliver North. Colonel, here's the bottom line. North Korea is now a nuclear power. Not a lot of good options.
Colonel, as usual -- we've been friends long time -- I'm very impressed. I know how well thought out that is. And on the American side, we better continue strategic defense with massive redundancy because we don't know. The proliferation now is way out of control. And Iran is probably just a few years, maybe even sooner, away from putting us in this position, as well. Colonel, thank you. Appreciate it. Safe home, and...
Yes, sir. Yes, sir, Semper fi.
Now, what happened to innocent until proven guilty? I know it's so outdated and I still believe in it.
Joining us now with reaction, Fox News correspondent-at-large, Geraldo Rivera and the host of 'Justice' Judge Jeanine Pirro. First of all, the predawn raid makes me laugh. Geraldo, what did they think, that the guy was going to BleachBit everything, smash everything if they didn't go in in the early hours that morning after he had testified the day before? And didn't he make a mistake not following Hillary and Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Loretta Lynch's and Eric Holder's lead? He could have deleted everything, he could have BleachBit everything, hammered everything? Why didn't he do that?
But he's still innocent until proven guilty, one. And obviously I am messing around that he made a mistake. But in a very real sense, judge, if he would have done what Hillary and all these other people did, why wouldn't he get away with it? Obviously they set a precedent.
I'm being sarcastic.
Yes, to get him to flip.
Stay right there. More with Judge Jeanine, more with Geraldo after the break.
Also, is it time for Mitch McConnell to step aside? Absolutely. That's next.
That was the weak Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell actually blaming the president, saying he had, quote, 'excessive expectations.' Senator, no, he doesn't. You guys have been promising this verse seven- and-a-half years. Really, excuses? Can you not do your job with some sense of urgency?
As we continue with Geraldo Rivera and Judge Jeanine Pirro. I don't know how to react to this, Geraldo, except to say Americans don't get vacations like these guys. How do you do nothing for eight months and say, oh, the expectations are too high? Give us another two years? It's really, really pathetic.
Oh, God, no.
The judge is laughing.
I am so frustrated, judge. And so are so many others. He couldn't even get the skinny repeal done. And I give him all the praise on Gorsuch. This is pathetic.
Sixteen percent.
I want to tell you both something. I've had sources tell me in Washington, especially in the Senate, Geraldo, this really bothers me, that behind closed doors, and I could name names here, that some of these senators openly have nothing but hatred and contempt for the president.
And meanwhile I'm thinking, do you care about the American people at least? Do you care about your own promise?
Republicans and Democrats are on my list.
Thank you, both. And when we come back it, does an investigation need to be opened into Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch and the tarmac meeting? A HANNITY one-on-one debate you don't want to miss, next.
Welcome back to HANNITY. So as we've been repeating all week thanks to the FOIA request by the ACLJ, we now know through emails that the Obama White House, they were actually looped in on the infamous Clinton-Lynch tarmac meeting spin. Remember that's the one where they allegedly spent 40 minutes on a plane talking about golf and grandkids. So with all that we know now, should an investigation be open into this? Joining us now attorney, political analyst Danielle McLaughlin. I let you beat me up on radio and now I'm bringing you on TV. I really --
Bad news. Very simple question. You should be able to acknowledge it was inappropriate, right?
And when Loretta Lynch told James Comey that it's a matter, not an investigation, and Comey was like, well, it is an investigation but I'll follow your talking points, that was inappropriate too, right?
Remember what Comey said, though. There was a long pause. He was suggesting way over the line inappropriate, but he still went along with it.
OK, so my next question is, then James Comey admitted she had top-secret special access program classified information on an email server in a mom and pop shop bathroom closet. Isn't that by definition, when you look at the statute and the law, mishandling classified information in the way that Comey described it, isn't that Comey saying she committed a crime?
OK, the threshold is mishandling. It's also a crime if you destroy classified, top secret, and special access program information.
And James Comey admitted that Hillary did that, right, so Hillary committed a crime?
In his long press conference, he did say there was special access program, top-secret classified information on the deleted emails that she had.
OK, so my question is between that and unmasking and leaking intelligence, and then you've got Samantha Power -- really, do we need the U.N. ambassador unmasking hundreds of Trump people in an election year? Do we really need a DNC operative at the Ukrainian embassy with the Ukrainian ambassador? Do we really not need to look into quid pro quo, Uranium One,
By the way, she testified under oath that she only used one email account, didn't she? It kind of sounds familiar.
Last question. And I know I am putting you on defense, but you are doing a good job.
If I deleted 33,000 subpoenaed emails and then I acid washed it with BleachBit, which I never heard of before until Hillary, and then I destroyed devices, BlackBerrys and iPhones with a hammer, and then I handed over to FBI devices without SIM cards, and then like Debbie Wasserman Schultz's case, a government hard drive smashed up in an IT.
guys garage, doesn't that sound like obstruction of justice to you? Put politics aside. If I did all that, wouldn't I go to jail? Wouldn't you say I'm going to be likely indicted?
Danielle, you're a good sport. I don't know why you come on my radio and TV show.
Thank you. When we come back, more HANNITY after this.
Welcome back to HANNITY. Sadly, that of all the time we have left this evening. As always, we thank you for being with us and making us the last two nights the number one show on cable. We hope you will set your DVR so you never miss an episode. We always promise we're not the establishment media. We'll always promise to be fair and balanced. We'll see you back here tomorrow night.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 232  ***************************************************
 The president -- he's 100 percent right. Before President Trump fired up the crowd, the West Virginia governor, Jim Justice -- he joined the commander-in-chief on the stage to announce he was leaving the Democrats and joining the Republican Party.
This is more proof the Democratic Party is in total disarray. They have no agenda. And it's so simple to understand why those on the left -- they have no message, no ideas, no real plan, and only hatred and animosity and resentment for President Trump. That does not help one American citizen have a better life or make us a safer country.
I'm going to combine right now the third and fourth stories of the night. The deep state strikes again, and The Wall Street Journal reporting tonight Robert Mueller, the conflicted one, empaneling a Washington grand jury into this Russia probe.
If you have doubt what I have been telling you for months about the deep state in America, well, I just want you to take a look at The Washington Post. They're publishing transcripts of the phone calls that President Trump had with the president of Mexico and the prime minister of Australia.
Do you remember this ever happening before? And if you ever doubted media bias in this country, you need to do what I did. Read the transcripts of the phone calls. They are exactly what the president was promising all of you on the campaign trail. Yet the media -- they distorted purposefully what the president said, cherry picking his words.
This type of thing never happened to President Obama or President Bush. As a matter of fact, President Trump, if you really look at it, he has faced leaks at a rate of seven times that's greater than the previous two administrations. Remember, at one point, we reported 125 leaks in 126 days, and we've been saying -- and it's only getting worse every day!
Here is the biggest danger of all of this. This is important. 99 percent of our intelligence community -- they put their lives on the line, they protect America against real evil in our time -- North Korea, ISIS, Iran, radical Islam, China, Russia. They're doing a great job, 99.9 percent.
These unprecedented leaks, illegal, unprecedented leaks about the president, including conversations now with world leaders -- it is shredding the United States Constitution before our very eyes. And when you add it all up, major laws are being broken by this deep state.
And as a result, these deep state actors are now being successful in preventing the president from fulfilling his promises to you, who you voted for, what you voted for. This is the greatest challenge of our time, and I don't overstate this.
What's happening now is this. The deep state, that one-tenth of 1 percent -- they have now taken these powerful tools of intelligence and they are weaponizing them! These are tools that are supposed to be used to keep you, the American people, safe and to inflict -- they're using it for as much political damage to stop the president. And yes, they want to remove the president from office.
We're also learning more about these deep state actors. As of tonight, we have been telling you The Wall Street Journal reporting that Mueller -- OK, he's empaneled a Washington, D.C., grand jury. Also tonight, according to another report, the FBI is looking into the finances of the President Trump. Wait a minute. I thought it was about Russia. They're looking at his family. They're looking at campaign associates. They're looking now at the Trump Organization. How is this about Russia?
This, what I warned you about, investigative creep, is beyond the pale. This was supposed to be about Russian election collusion. Look how far it has now expanded. It is so deeply corrupt, beyond anything I've seen in my lifetime. Robert Mueller is now carrying out a political witch hunt. And Mueller is close friends with James Comey, the star witness in the case, which could be a violation of two laws.
But there's much more. Mueller has put together a Democratic hit squad that has donated tens of thousands of dollars to, let's see, Democrats, including Hillary and Barack Obama. Take a look at that chart on your screen. Eight of the 16 members of Mueller's team have made political donations to Democrats, while the other eight, according to public records, haven't made it at all. Oh, really? Not one Republican donor, eight Democratic donors? Does that sound fair and impartial to you? Or does it sound more like a politically motivated witch hunt?
Imagine if the tables had turned, a bunch of Republicans investigating a Democratic president. The left in this country would be in an uproar. The investigation would be stopped like this investigation should be stopped. And that, by the way, is only the beginning of Mueller's massive conflicts of interest.
It is why earlier this week, Congressman Trent Franks called for Mueller to resign. And again, as my friend Gregg Jarrett has pointed out -- he'll join us in a minute -- grand juries -- you got to remember this. They are completely one-sided, heavily favoring government prosecutors. Defense attorneys are not allowed in to talk to the grand jury, and prosecutors can put forward any evidence they want. It's why they have the old saying 'you can get a grand jury to indict a ham sandwich.'
This is now very serious. And this can't be ignored. Mueller conveniently picked, hand-picked, Washington, D.C., to empanel a grand jury. It's a city Donald Trump got 4 percent of the vote -- 4 percent!
This is now the deep state gone rogue versus you, the people, and the president of the United States. The weapons of intelligence, the powerful weapons, have now been turned on the president and turned on you, the American people. And our Fourth Amendment rights are being trampled upon. Take a shredder. Crimes are being committed. Nobody is seemingly investigating!
Also tonight, our fifth and final very important story. Who are these deep state operatives? We have more evidence now that the Obama administration weaponized the tools of intelligence and the intelligence community in part to target the president and his administration and the transition. This is what we refer to when we say the deep state. That is them shredding the Constitution.
We don't have equal justice under the law, leaking purposefully, selectively to undo the results of an election, to delegitimize the president. And as I said, if they can, they want to take him out of office.
Take a look at this headline from The Washington Free Beacon. 'Former U.N. Ambassador Power unmasked hundreds in the final year of the Obama administration.' And sources that spoke to The Free Beacon said that this was, quote, 'unprecedented' for an official in her position.
Why did she want this information as U.N. ambassador? This is the type of thing we have been telling you about, we've been telling you and warning you about.
Now, we also learned this week, thanks to our friend, Sara Carter, who will join us in a minute from Circa News, that former Obama national security man Ben Rhodes is now the person of interest in the House Intelligence Committee's investigation!
Congress is questioning other Obama officials, Susan Rice, Brennan, about the unmasking. And don't forget, Comey -- he, too, can be in trouble. And Sara Carter last week reporting the FBI general counsel -- he's under investigation for leaking classified information the press? What's going on here? And The Hill's John Solomon has reported that former Obama director of national intelligence, James Clapper -- he made it easier for officials on the executive branch to unmask members of Congress and their staffers.
All of this is not happening in a bubble. All of Hillary Clinton's email crimes -- deleting, BleachBit, hammering devices -- we have no special counsel for that. We don't have a special counsel for Uranium One, 20 percent of American uranium, $145 million in kickbacks. We don't have a special counsel for the Ukrainian election interference. What's the difference between that and Russia? We don't have a special counsel for those that are unmasking and leaking intelligence. We don't have a special counsel for Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz's IT staffer. Why did they have broken hard drives in this guy's garage? We don't have a special counsel for Comey having his friend leak information to the press, removing government property from the FBI.
This is now -- this is how serious this is. This is a war between the deep state and you, the American people, and the president of the United States. This is a war against the Constitution. Crimes are now being committed. The pathetic Republicans in Congress have shown themselves to be impotent in a moment they are most needed.
I'm going to tell you the most serious part. Tonight, if I'm in the Trump administration or if I voted for President Trump, like many of you did, I'd be concerned tonight because all that deep state noise we have been hearing from the left-wing media, the destroy Trump media, by the Democrats, by weak Republicans have no led us to where we are today.
Four percent -- I'd would love to be before that grand jury or have a prosecutor going after me. Oh, Hannity, only 4 percent of the people in this room like you. The rest hate your guts and would vote against you.
Sara Carter, before I get to the very specifics of what McMaster did, which -- it's inexplicable to me. I can't understand this. Before I get to that, am I right about the threat this deep state is posing the country, that the leaks caused the -- the special counsel, that the leaks and the hysteria in the media caused us to be where we are, and we're now facing a clash of the deep state versus the American people and the president?
How does the ambassador to the U.N., Samantha Power -- how does she unmask hundreds of Trump officials? How is that possible? Under what rationale could that happen? And am I right when I say -- you say 320, I say 350 percent increase in unmasking, especially sped up during the election cycle, seven times more than the last two administrations. And we see the selective leaks and the impact it has had in the narrative in this country, and all these other scandals with evidence are ignored, Sara!
All right...
Before? So this is so unprecedented. All right, Gregg Jarrett, let me go back to the legal side with you and pick your great legal mind.
I do to...
All right, Gregg and Sara, stay with us after the break.
And also tonight, you don't want to miss it, President Trump's attorney, Jay Sekulow, here with reaction to Robert Mueller empaneling the grand jury, and Newt Gingrich all tonight. Stay right there.
Good for the president fighting back earlier tonight at his rally in West Virginia. You heard the crowd reaction.
We continue with Sara Carter, Gregg Jarrett.
Let me go back to your piece. Inside the White House, why would H.R. McMaster allow Susan Rice, who was investigated for unmasking, like Samantha Power, like Ben Rhodes, like the general counsel, James Baker, of the FBI, like Comey and so many other deep state people -- why would he possibly grant a waiver? And is it true McMaster disagrees with the president on the issue of Iran and the Obama deal? Does he support that?
Aren't they also involved -- aren't they also involved? Because I know two of the people. And I've interviewed one of -- one person and talked to another. Wouldn't they be helping expose the deep state?
Is McMaster one?
I'll be blunt. Is McMaster one? Because it's inexplicable, that decision.
Oh, my gosh!
I know! That makes about zero sense. There's no justification for that. And I'd like an explanation from the White House on that.
All right, let me go back to special counsel, special prosecutor, Gregg Jarrett. My experience has been what we're seeing. We start with Russia, now we've moved on to finances, then we move on to obstruction, and maybe it ends up three years later, like Scooter Libby, on a perjury charge because he wouldn't say something that they wanted him to say to Patrick Fitzgerald about the vice president.
Is -- is -- you know, is there any way to fight back against these unprecedented powers? And then you've got all these Democratic donors hired by the special counsel, Mueller, which makes no sense to me, seems categorically abusive and unfair to me.
Where is he?
Where is he?
You can't make this up!
All right, guys, thank you both. We will -- we are going to stay all over this. And if they're going to investigate these things, they've got to investigate Hillary! They've got to investigate Ukraine. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, seriously? The leakers? When are they going to be put in jail? They're shredding the Constitution, violating the law, committing felonies.
When we come back, one of President Trump's attorneys, Jay Sekulow, reacts to the empaneling of a grand jury. Newt Gingrich weighs in, and much more.
Do we know who was subpoenaed? And on top of that, what is the announcement mean for the investigation going forward?
Who, whoa, whoa, did you say secret.
In this day and age. Good luck with that.
So we start out with the Russia collusion story, but of course we'll ignore Ukraine, Uranium One. We'll ignore deleting of emails, BleachBit, smashing devices and obstruction of justice and unmasking come and leaking, let's ignore all of that, and the list is so long. So let me guess. Now they've moved into finances and possible obstruction of justice even though Rosenstein is the guy that recommended, again, he sent a letter saying the president had a right to fire Comey.
So here's my question, though. So let me guess, so now they're going to go into finances and the fact that Donald Trump sold a property to some Russian oligarch in 2008 and made a profit, because the Russians knew then even though Democrats and the media didn't know on November 7th or 8th and couldn't even believe it on the 9th that he'd run for president and win. Is that how that worked 10 years ago?
Here's my worry, though. We already see investigative creep. We already see a conflicted special counsel. It's not something you can comment on, I'm sure. But I've watched these things go on and on. Have they contacted the White House? Did they look for information from the White House? Is that something you could talk about?
How long does it go on?
I want to see the leakers exposed and those that violated the law in leaking intelligence exposed too. Where's that investigation? All right, Jay Sekulow, thank you.
When we come back, former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich weighs in straight ahead.
Welcome back to 'Hannity.' That was President Trump earlier tonight firing up his crowd at his rally in West Virginia. Here with reaction, the author of eight, nine, 10 weeks on The New York Times
bestseller list, 'Understanding Trump,' former speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich.
So I'm contending tonight, and I think Gregg Jarrett actually said this, all of the noise, all of the deep estate leaks, when did we ever see a president's conversation with prime ministers and president ever become public like this? All of that noise has created what Mueller did today, in spite of hiring all Democrats, even Clinton's attorney. And I am saying the goal to stop the president's agenda is working. This is a real threat. I think everything now has become real. Thoughts?
But the forces that I talked about, you mentioned the deep state which I talked at length about in my opening monologue. And then the media, and then the Democrats, and, frankly, the Republicans being so pathetic in my opinion in not advancing the president's agenda. But then you've got the leaking, then you've got unmasking. Then you've got real corruption. You've Debbie Wasserman Schultz, you've got Hillary Clinton.
All of those things get ignored. The noise creates where we are tonight, and I cannot believe the double standard. I know I should be used to it but this is beyond the pale of anything I've seen.
OK, but we're like a voice in the wilderness.
We're going to take a break. We'll come back. I specifically want to get into all the issues with the deep state because I think it all originates there. More with Newt Gingrich straight ahead.
All right, that was more of the president earlier tonight at a rally in West Virginia. Welcome back to HANNITY as we continue with former speaker of the House and author of The New York Times bestseller, 10 weeks now, "Understanding Trump," Newt Gingrich.
So my theory, I'll try to break it down very simply, is that, how did we get here? If it weren't for the deep state, 125 leaks, 126 days, seven times the past two administrations. If it wasn't for the media echo chamber. If it wasn't for week Republicans who do nothing except sig on their hands and they won't even use their subpoena powers, they're not legislating, we don't get here.
Samantha Power, Susan Rice, Ben Rhodes, Clapper, Comey, now the general counsel of the FBI, all of these people potentially involved in leaking intelligence and unmasking people. Have you ever seen anything like it?
Did you ever see a prime ministers conversation with a president or another president's conversation with the president leaked like this?
Where's Robert Mueller on this? Robert Mueller is now involved in investigative creep. He's hired all his Obama, Clinton, Democratic donors, and even Hillary Clinton's attorney. Where are the investigations into these matters that I keep talking about every night?
Do you think we get there? Do you think we actually -- how concerned are you that this gets to the president, that this gets to his family?
Mr. Speaker, thanks for being with us, we appreciate it.
When we come back, you need a smile on your face? Our conservative duo, our friends Diamond and Silk back to give the final word, straight ahead.
Welcome back to HANNITY. My friends, the dynamic duo, they are back, Diamond and Silk. They have the final word on President Trump and his rallies like we saw earlier.
Wouldn't it be great to make America great? In all of this, they forget about the people. We will have a lot more on this tomorrow evening.
As always, thanks for being with us. On this show we will always be fair and balanced. We will see you back here tomorrow night.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 233  ***************************************************
 So true.
Awful, yeah.

show#: 234  ***************************************************
 I got to tell you, this has really become a slugfest in the minds-- I have friends that support you. I have friends that support Trump. It's palpable! And there's even -- there's almost, like, an anger that's building between the two camps.
From your perspective, how do you see this competition?
Do you now see this as a two-man race? I mean, I'm looking at polls, obviously very tight in Iowa. It's pretty much a fight for second place, according to the polls in New Hampshire. You're in second place in South Carolina, second place in Florida, second place in Georgia, first place in Utah in a poll that came out this week.
Is it a two-man race in your mind?
It's interesting you reveal it that way because I've always thought the establishment despised both of you. And -- which -- and I don't mean that in a bad way. I'm a proud insurgent supporter, if you will, in this election because, like you, I feel that Washington Republicans failed us.
When you say you're going to fight -- for example, in 2010, the promise was repeal and replace ObamaCare. They wouldn't use the power of the purse. In 2014, it was stop executive amnesty.
They funded it and they've now punted it to the courts. How do you fight that battle if you get to be commander-in-chief? Explain the process in which you would be able to do that.
You know...
Let's talk about the trajectory of the race. When you were recently on my radio show, you said, no, Iowa is not a must win for the Cruz campaign, for your campaign.
Talk about the path for the primary, through the primary, and tell me in a general election what states do you believe a Ted Cruz candidacy could put in play against either Hillary or Bernie or maybe Elizabeth Warren and Joe Biden, I don't know, if Hillary, in fact, got indicted?
Let me ask you...
Maybe Donald Trump took the biggest shot at you today. He actually compared you to Hillary Clinton. I want to ask you about that. And you had two people come out, one against you and one for Donald Trump -- Governor Palin's endorsement. She had endorsed you for the Senate, and Governor Branstad and his comments saying anybody pretty much but Ted Cruz. Your reaction to all those comments.
And when we come back, we'll have more with Senator Ted Cruz. He'll give his closing arguments heading into Iowa.
But coming up next...
You mean, like, with a cloth or something? Anyway, a new report reveals that Hillary Clinton had e-mails that were beyond top secret on her private server. Now, could this new development put her behind bars? Senator Ted Cruz will weigh in.
Also tonight...
Now, some of Hillary Clinton's biggest supporters, like Hollywood liberal Lena Dunham -- well, now reportedly second-guessing Hillary over her role in her husband's numerous scandals.
All of that plus presidential GOP candidate Senator Marco Rubio is here tonight on "Hannity."
Welcome back to "Hannity." There is a major development in Hillary Clinton's ongoing server scandal. Now, as our own Catherine Herridge first reported, e-mails on Clinton's unsecure server were found to have contained information that was beyond top secret.
Now, despite being under FBI investigation and mounting evidence against her, now, Clinton has used nearly every excuse in the book to try and brush this scandal aside. Take a look.
My favorite is, "Like with a cloth?
Back with more reaction, 2016 Republican presidential candidate Senator Ted Cruz. Senator, this seems to be getting more serious. The intelligence community inspector general, Charles McCullough, laid out findings after review by the intelligence agencies identifying several dozen additional classified e-mails, including Special Access Programs, SAP, a level of classification beyond top secret.
Now, that would be a huge -- that would be multiple felonies that we're talking about here.
Do you suspect she might not end up being the nominee but might end up being indicted?
I want to go back to what came up in the debate, this "New York values" issue. It was an issue that came up that I took personally, and the result was I got many invitations to become citizens of other states, or certainly move to those states.
But Andrew Cuomo said this about conservatives. I want you to listen.
I'm pro-life. I am pro-Second Amendment. I'm pro-traditional marriage. I'm not anti-anything. That is a pretty severe thing for the governor of a state to say, basically saying I'm not wanted in this state. And they do take a lot of my tax money, I will point out to you, nearly 10 percent state, nearly 4 percent city tax. Your reaction.
And you apologized to New Yorkers on my radio show.
Let me give you an opportunity -- we're going to be in Iowa next week, so I assume we'll have you on the program at least one more time before the Iowa caucuses, but -- and in fairness, I'll give Mr. Trump -- I agree this is right now looking like a two-man race -- an opportunity do so, as well.
But closing arguments, policy differences, foreign policy, the Iranian deal. What would a Ted Cruz, Senator Cruz, President Cruz, White House look like versus, in your mind, a Donald Trump White House?
All right, Senator, we'll be in Iowa most of next week, and we'll, hopefully, see you and all the other candidates there. Thank you so much. Only 12 days to go. Here we are. Game time.
And coming up -- the countdown to Iowa is on, and Senator Marco Rubio continues to surge in the polls. We'll ask Senator Rubio about his strategy to win the Republican nomination. That's next.
Also, later tonight...
A new report in The New York Times says Hollywood liberal Lena Dunham is singing a very different tune behind closed doors and now questioning Hillary Clinton's role in her husband's past scandals.
All of that, plus Herman Cain joins us to weigh in on the 2016 race tonight as "Hannity" continues.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So the Iowa caucuses are only 12 days away. The GOP rivals are making their final case to voters all across the Hawkeye State.
Here now to make his final arguments, highlighting his campaign differences, 2016 Republican presidential candidate Senator Marco Rubio.
It seems that you're just in a solid third position. How do you push through now to get to Trump and Cruz, which I'm sure is where you want to go?
Let's go to the -- how you see the state of this race. There was a poll that came out. You're a solid third in Iowa, solid third in New Hampshire. Take us beyond that, where you think you start winning these primaries -- not that you won't win these. I don't know -- I don't have a crystal ball, but where you think you begin to break out or your best scenario in your mind that you break out.
You know...
Well, let me ask...
The intelligence community inspector general, Charles McCullough, laid out his report, a comprehensive review by the intelligence agencies that identified, on top of the 1,300 e-mails that she said she never sent or received, that included specific intelligence known as Special Access Programs. You know what they are. SAP I guess is its acronym.
And apparently, this is a level of intelligence classification that goes beyond top secret. Now, am I wrong in my reading of the law that this would be...
... multiple felonies -- felony in every case? I mean, isn't this indictable?
Do you believe you are the most electable of all the candidates. Now, some polls show you are better in a matchup against Hillary Clinton head-to-head in a general election. Should electability in your mind be a factor in people considering either caucusing or voting in a primary?
All right, as always, thank you, senator, for being with us.
All right, and coming up, according to the "New York Times" Hollywood liberal Lena Dunham allegedly having second thoughts about Clinton thanks to Hillary's role in her husband's many scandals. Laura Ingraham joins us.
And then later tonight, the one and only Herman Cain, Mr. 999, is here in studio.
That was HBO's so-called star, Hollywood liberal Lena Dunham showering Hillary Clinton with praise. But now according to the "New York Times" Ms. Dunham's feelings about the Democratic frontrunner are much more conflicted behind closed doors.
In an article released earlier today "The Times" claimed that Lena a few months ago at a party, quote, "told the guests at a Park Avenue apartment that the chief executive of HBO that she was disturbed by how in the 1990s the Clintons and their allies discredited women who said they had sexual encounters or had been sexually assaulted by former president Bill Clinton."
We reached out to Ms. Dunham for a comment. Her spokesman told us, "Lena is fully supportive of Hillary Clinton and her track record for protecting women." We reached out to the and-a-half campaign. They don't like me. No response.
Joining us now for reaction, editor in chief of Lifezette.com Laura Ingraham, and FOX News contributor Julie Roginsky. This "New York Times" article is devastating. It says they quoted a young feminist saying Hillary is starting to look like, quote, "a craven opportunist and an apologist for a predator."
What about her role.
Laura Ingraham, I actually have three of these women that claim to be assaulted on my radio show tomorrow. And I have interviewed them all before, Kathleen Willey, Paula Jones, and Juanita Broaddrick. Their stories are compelling and, to quote Lisa Myers, too credible. Your reaction?
Laura, there was a really interesting column written by our colleague Kirsten Powers, and she was discussing Bill Cosby and Bill Clinton and how times have changed. And that reminded us of the comment, Hillary's close friend James Carville dragged a $10 bill through a trailer park. Imagine if that was said today. I don't remember Hillary saying, hey, James that's over the top. And now Hillary saying those who have been victims have a right to be believed.
Benghazi.
Let me ask you this, a very simple question. If Hillary says victims of assault, sexual assault have a right to be believed, isn't she also saying Paula Jones has a right to be believed, Juanita has a right to be believed, Willey has a right to be believed? In that sense it's become such a fair, relevant question.
Times have changed.
She paid women less at her own State Department. She could have paid them the same.
She paid women less.
That got paid less than men.
Last word, Laura?
We have got to end there. Good to see you both. Thank you.
And coming up next tonight on this busy HANNITY.
That was former presidential candidate Mr. 999, Herman Cain speaking at a Donald Trump rally back in November. Is he now 12 days out of Iowa willing to endorse a candidate? We will ask him as he joins us next.
All right, that was Herman Cain back in November speaking at a rally for Donald Trump. Cain did not officially endorse him that night, but with less than two weeks to go until Iowa is he ready to endorse a candidate? Joining us now, the author of the brand new book "The Right Problems, What the President, Congress, and Every Candidate should be Working On, Mr. 999, former presidential -
Why are you laughing?
This has become. You were maybe an early indicator of what was to come, maybe a preview of coming attractions, your campaign. I mean, you were on top for a while.
Newt was on top for a while. But this year the insurgent candidates are staying on top.
Why?
And who would they be most likely of the Republican field to vote for?
Trump, Cruz, and Rubio.
Earlier in the show tonight I let Ted Cruz begin his closing arguments, his final arguments. You know, 12 days out of Iowa, it's going to go by fast. Tomorrow night we'll have Trump on to do the same thing. It seems to have become in many ways, in most states, a two-man race. Do you believe that?
You think Rubio is still in it.
He's tied for third in this poll that came out in Iowa.
But it's Trump-Cruz in Georgia, Trump-Cruz in New Hampshire, Trump-Cruz Iowa, Trump-Cruz, they're all together. Although Cruz is winning, he has had some polls having him up in Iowa and in Utah.
But so far it's very close.
What's that?
Don't you think the big issue with primary voters this campaign cycle has become immigration, and hasn't that hurt him?
What is mine?
The penny plan. By the way, I would switch to a flat tax or a fair tax any day.
What does Rubio's play get?
Yes.
Are you, Herman Cain, ready to endorse anybody tonight?
Do you think any one of these top three of yours, Trump, Cruz, Rubio, is more electable than the other?
Do you get the same stuff from all the supporters of all these candidates on your radio show. It drives you nuts, right?
If she's not in jail.
999. New book is out, "The Right Problems," our good friend, Herman Cain.
When we come back, we need your help. A very important "Question of the Day" is next.
All right, time for our "Question of the Day." So do you think it's time for Hillary Clinton to hire a criminal defense attorney? After the inspector general's report, I'd say it's time. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
Now, earlier tonight we began the process of letting candidates start their closing arguments heading into Iowa. We had Ted Cruz and of course we also had Marco Rubio on tonight. Tune in tomorrow night. We'll have the same opportunity for 2016 Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, Ohio Governor John Kasich, and former Florida Governor Jeb Bush. That's tomorrow night at 10:00 eastern, all part of the best election coverage.
That's all the time we have left this evening. Thanks for being with us. We'll see you back here, tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2016 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 235  ***************************************************
 Now, here's the thing. When it comes to Democrats once again calling for impeachment, it doesn't matter what does or doesn't happen. This has been their goal for a very long time! All these cries, impeachment, impeachment, all the hysteria, all the conspiracy theories -- it's really about distracting you, the American people, from real scandals that they're not reporting on that we're investigating.
And of course, we will continue to investigate. We will continue to expose them because you deserve answers, the truth, and people need to be held responsible for their actions.
For example, back in January, we've been telling you Politico uncovered a massive, huge scandal, much bigger than Trump-Russia. Here's the headline. "Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump" -- oh, a foreign government! -- "backfired. Kiev officials scrambling to make amends with the president- elect after quietly working to boost Clinton."
Now, that story, as we've been telling you -- it details how a DNC paid operative, Alexandra Chalupa -- she literally spearheaded a plan, along with the Ukrainian government, Ukrainian ambassador, to hurt Donald Trump's campaign and boost Hillary Clinton.
Now, Politico highlights in the piece how Chalupa once worked for the Clinton White House, worked to try to expose former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort, and they were successful, including meeting with the Ukrainian diplomats in the Ukrainian embassy. And Chalupa said that those Ukrainian diplomats were helpful when it came to finding information. They were researching it, disseminating that information.
And the bombshell quote about Chalupa -- well, she shared her findings with officials from the DNC and Clinton's campaign. Oh, that's called collusion.
But Chalupa's efforts didn't end there. Remember, she also said that she would help, quote, "a lot of journalists," their willing accomplices in the media and writing stories about Manafort to try to hurt the Trump campaign.
Now, we've reached out again to Chalupa. We haven't heard back. Shocking. Now, as we said last night on the program, she needs to be called in by the Republicans. They have the power to do this. Put her under oath, make her testify to Congress. What did she know, when she know it, how did she get this information, who did she share the information with?
And Congress also needs to hear from the Ukrainian ambassador she was meeting. Remember? They sat down in the embassy. And we can't stop there. DNC -- they were briefed. Debbie Wasserman Schultz -- she needs to be put under oath and tell you, the American people, what she knows about this scandal. And on top of that, if they briefed the campaign, which the report says they did, all right, bring in John Podesta, put him under oath. He needs to testify about the information Chalupa passed on to the campaign. Robby Mook, as well.
Now, this is a major scandal, but only the tip of the iceberg of what needs to be investigated. We still have the Russian dossier. Remember Christopher Steele? That's the former intelligence agent, Great Britain. He wrote that fake news dossier about Donald Trump, and by the way, paid for some of the information. It cited Russian sources. And then the group connected to Hillary -- that's Fusion GPS -- remember? They were sending it around, and the Democrats -- they were using that phony information to attack then candidate, now President Trump. They all need to be brought before Congress under oath and answer questions!
Then, of course, we got the former FBI director, Comey. He wanted to pay this guy 50 grand! And his removal of government information from the FBI, leaking it to The New York Times, and helping to get his friend to be a special counsel. Let's put him under oath in this.
Now, this special counsel ended up becoming Comey's buddy, Robert Mueller. Oh, OK. Then he hires Hillary Clinton's attorney. We've been saying this over and over again. It is now time to start investigating the investigator.
You're not hearing about any of this from the mainstream media. Now, Mueller may be actually breaking out (sic) the law by carrying out this investigation when it's James Comey, his BFF, is the key witness and Mueller's hiring -- let's see, members to his team donating thousands and thousands to Obama and Clinton?
Take a look at the graphic. His investigators have donated tens and tens of thousands of dollars to the likes of Hillary and Obama. And what's even worse is one of the lawyers of Mueller's team -- well, he was working for Clinton and the Clinton Foundation!
And we've also learned that the former Obama attorney general, Loretta Lynch, influenced the investigation into the email server scandal, pressuring James Comey to call it a matter instead of an investigation. Then of course, the 40-minute tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton.
When are we going to put these people under oath? It's got to happen sooner than later. And by the way, go (ph) to all of this, it includes, you know, reopening -- this is the most important part. If we're going to have equal justice under the law, reopen Hillary Clinton's email investigation since we know, well, that -- in that particular case, Lynch influenced that investigation. Only a matter? Not really.
There's also Hillary breaking the law, having secret, top-secret, special access program, classified information on her server. That's mishandling by definition. And then destroying some.
Then the corrupt Uranium One deal. Remember? She was serving as secretary of state, approved the transfer of up to 20 percent, America's uranium, the foundational material for nuclear weapons, a real Russian conspiracy! That goes to Vladimir Putin. That goes to the Russians. And people involved in that deal kicked back as much as $145 million into the Clinton Foundation! That's called bribery where I grew up. And while Bill Clinton doubled his speaking fees in Moscow.
Nobody else is telling you this! It's outrageous, the double standard. It is beyond anything I've seen in my lifetime.
Joining us now, former governor of New Hampshire John Sununu. Also lawyer, FOX News anchor Gregg Jarrett. And on the phone is the president's attorney. He's also the chief counsel for the American Center for Law and Justice, Jay Sekulow. We'll get to him in a second.
John Sununu, welcome to the program. Along--
What's that?
Happy--
Happy investigative Friday! Thank you. You've been around this business a long time.
You're one of the smartest people I know. You ever see anything like this, a double standard as bad as this?
Jay -- go ahead.
No, no, no. You go, sir. I would never interrupt Governor Sununu! That could be a -- I've watched you on "Crossfire." Go ahead.
OK. Now, I agree with you. I think that's very well said.
Jay, let me go to you. Let's separate fact from fiction here. Governor Sununu is right. In the Ukrainian deal, there was a meeting in the embassy with the ambassador! Information was exchanged. It was passed on to the Hillary campaign. OK, that didn't happen that anybody knows of with Trump and Russia. Then you have Fusion GPS and their ties to Hillary Clinton's campaign, this phony dossier, information coming from Russia.
So separate fact from fiction for us here.
But the email suggested otherwise.
All right. So you're breaking up a little bit. Let me go to Gregg Jarrett. So if you look at Trump/Russia as one issue, Gregg, and you look at issue number two, Ukrainian ambassador, paid DNC staffer passing on information--
-- and you look at a third issue, Fusion GPS getting information from Russia -- and again, who's funding them is also tight with Clinton -- of the three, which is the worst? And then add Uranium One to the mix.
-- we're talking to a left and right and getting information from them!
All right--
Governor, welcome back. Gregg, as always, thank you. We lost Jay Sekulow. Thank you, Jay.
And when we come back on this busy breaking Friday news night, Larry Elder, Ari Fleischer will respond to tonight's "Opening Monologue" and the left's Russia obsession, their double standard.
And later, the original insurgent himself, Patrick J. Buchanan, is here.
And also tonight--
Fifty-year-old "Yogi Bear" reruns and 25-year-old "Full House" reruns do beat CNN. Anyway, Dr. Gorka talks about his beatdown of CNN later.
All right, that was counselor to the president Kellyanne Conway. That was earlier today on "Fox & Friends."
Joining us now with reaction, Salem Radio nationally syndicated host Larry Elder, former White House press secretary, Fox News contributor Ari Fleischer.
Ari, I guess from a PR standpoint, I can sit here all day and I can point out the duplicity, the double standards, there's not equal application of standards as it relates to Ukraine and a DNC operative who's being paid by the DNC, passing on information to the Clinton campaign, meeting in the Ukrainian embassy -- I could talk about Fusion GPS and where their money comes and their connection to some these same Russians.
But the media won't even touch it! Why?
Yes. They're sheep (INAUDIBLE)
OK. But he kind of said -- he said in retrospect. And again, the circumstances were different. You've been in the middle of campaigns. You know the flurry of emails and texts and meetings and everything's going at a rapid pace.
And I guess the only thing I would say in their defense is, you know, if -- if you have a DNC staff member that's paid that's passing on information after meeting at the Ukrainian embassy, and dirt is disseminated by the Ukrainians, in that particular case against Trump, that's far worse than anything that Donald Trump, Jr., or anybody in the Trump campaign, up to this point, that we know about, ever did!
And I guess to me, it's just beyond -- you know, you accept a double standard. I'm not willing to accept it!
Good point.
None whatsoever. And Julian Assange -- I think I'm one of the few people only in the country that's interviewed him and talked to him, and had him on radio and TV at least five times, and he vehemently denies that it was any state or the Russians in particular.
Larry Elder, both about the double standard -- I think Democrats have gone so much further on this. There's zero coverage of that. What do you think?
But the Ukrainian ambassador was working with the DNC!
Larry, you're really good.
All right, let me ask this then. All right, maybe Ari is right. And I'll give Larry first crack at this. Maybe Ari's right. There's a double standard, and it's really flagrant. But there shouldn't be a two- tiered justice system. There needs to be equal justice under the law.
So if Mueller's going to investigate all this regarding Donald Trump, Jr., and committees are going to bring them in, shouldn't we bring in Podesta and Robby Mook and Hillary Clinton? Doesn't the Uranium One deal now come back into play, Larry? Don't all those people need to be put under oath? The justice system should be separate from politics, right?
Thank you guys, both, for being with us. Appreciate it.
Next, Patrick J. Buchanan is here to respond to all this hysteria.
And also tonight--
Dr. Gorka's takedown of the mainstream media. He is here to respond. He'll join us later tonight as we continue on this busy Friday breaking news night.
That was President Trump this week defending his attempts to normalize relations with Russia. Joining us now with reaction, author of "Nixon's White House Wars," our friend Patrick J. Buchanan. You know, there is great irony here this week is that the Russians are so bad, you can't talk to them, Pat. But as soon as two Russians start saying anything bad about Trump, they're the most credible people on earth and we need to listen. That was before tonight when we learned that the Democrats were also targeted by them. What are your thoughts on all this?
He's former KGB. Nobody likes what he did in Ukraine or Crimea or any of these other instances. But at the end of the day, Trump is not exactly being Putin's best friend. He is trying to set up a system where energy-wise, which is the lifeblood of the economy of everybody, that western Europe has an option beyond Russia in case he goes nuts and wants to turn off the spigot from there.
So there's been one narrative, but yet there's far more evidence of real collusion, the DNC paid operative passing on information, meeting with the Ukrainian ambassador at the embassy. Then you've got GPS, Fusion GPS, false information gotten from Russia, regurgitated by Democrats. The media doesn't even touch it and it's far worse. If you're the Trump White House, how do you deal with it, Pat? You've lived under fire pretty much your entire life.
Is it going to work?
That is really chilling. I don't want disagree, but I will make it my business to make sure the duplicity, the hypocrisy, the lying is exposed, because they're not doing it. It's sad. Thank you, Pat.
Up next tonight on this busy breaking news night on "Hannity."
Dr. Gorka, his beat-down of the liberal media, and did it to the anchors, right to their faces, all week. That's straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So this week, one brave member of the Trump administration went into the lion's den over and over again to do battle with the destroy-Trump media. Now, whether he was appearing on CNN or MSNBC, Dr. Sebastian Gorka took the president's message to some pretty dark corners of the fake news sphere, and he came out on top. This is entertaining. Take a look.
All right, a Gorka beat-down. Joining us now, the man himself, the deputy assistant to the president, Dr. Sebastian Gorka. I just want to point out factually, 50-year reruns of "Yogi Bear," 25-plus year reruns of "Full House" are what's on at "Nick at Night" that is beating CNN. So you're factually correct. And you took it to them. And I'm glad you did. Why did you decide to do it?
Listen, it's something we do on this program almost every night. And we're giving news and information that I argue you really can't get anywhere else. And I even watched about eight minutes last night of a CNN program. It was so shallow, so bitterly partisan, so absolutely factually inaccurate that I couldn't take it anymore. I tweeted it out, and people were like why did you waste eight minutes of your life? We know it's fake news.
But here's the issue. Now we know that there was collusion, there were meetings with paid DNC operatives and the ambassador of Ukraine, and information is passed on to the Hillary Clinton campaign and the DNC. Then you've got the Christopher Steele, Russian dossier, money paid out, Russian information given in that particular case. Comey even wanted to hire the guy. There's so much evidence of collusion on other side, and nobody else is talking about it. This isn't funny at this point.
Everybody has been lied about.
They've gone after you. They've gone after the first lady, the first daughter. They've gone after even an 11-year-old kid, 10 at the time. They've gone after both brothers. They've gone after Reince and Bannon and Kellyanne and Steve Miller, and, by the way, people that support the president and agree with his agenda like me. There's nobody that gets a pass here. They want to kill anybody associated with the president, politically speaking.
Absolutely.
It was pathetic.
And by the way, used a guy that recently died to do it.
Great job this week. This is -- that was important, a line in the sand. And it's about time people start calling them out. Good job, Dr. Gorka. Thanks for being with us.
And up next on this busy breaking Friday news night on "Hannity." --
J.P. Morgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon, he unloads on the inefficient Washington bureaucrats, the swamp. I have got another message tonight for Washington, Republicans in particular. That's our mini monologue.
And also tonight --
All right, he's back. He's been here all week, conservative social media Twitter sensation Terrence Williams. He gets the last word of the week tonight on "Hannity."
Welcome back to "Hannity." Bureaucracy, red tape, taxes, are ravaging American businesses, stifling entrepreneurs, and stunting the growth of wages all across the country. You know what, it's time for the government to get off all of our backs. And that's why we're putting Washington on notice in this very important mini monologue tonight.
All right, so the federal government is now spending more than $400 billion of your hard-earned money per month for the first time in American history. So what you getting for your hard-earned dollars? Let's see. Let's see, a huge, controlling, inefficient, bloated bureaucracy that just wants more and more and more.
Now during a quarterly earnings conference call J.P. Morgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon, well, he went off on the confusing red tape that all of us as Americans have to jump over just to earn a simple living and provide for our family. Listen to what he said.
That's right, jobs for us, the American people. Jamie Dimon is absolutely right. And thankfully, President Trump is taking action. In just his first few months in office that president has signed over a dozen laws rolling back the stifling Obama era regulations and implemented a new rule requiring these bureaucrats to eliminate two regulation for every new regulation they impose on us.
Sadly, there's one of Obama era regulation that some could argue is more harmful to American businesses, the American people, than any other regulation or law on the books, and that, of course, is Obamacare. Earlier today the president tweeted out "Republican senators are working hard to get their failed Obamacare replacement improved. I will be at my desk pen in hand." So important Republican senators under the leadership of Senate Majority Leader McConnell, get healthcare plan approved after seven years of Obamacare disaster. This must happen. After all the years of suffering through Obamacare, Republican senators must come through as they have promised.
Well, guess what. All of you in the Senate, it's time for you to keep that promise and start working for the American people. Oh, this is hard. OK, you've been promising us seven years, repeal, replace Obamacare. It's not only necessary for the health and the well-being of our citizens, but also for the health and well-being of this economy. We give, what, the government hundreds of billions of dollars every month. It's time for you in Congress, in this particular case the Senate, put your money where your mouth is. Get your job done. We're getting tired of waiting.
And up next, on this busy breaking news Friday night on "Hannity." --
Conservative Twitter social media sensation Terrence Williams, he gets the last word this week as he has every night this week. That's next.
All right, Welcome back to "Hannity." All week our friend, conservative social media sensation, Twitter sensation Terrence Williams has had the last word on the program. And here is the final word for the week. Here's Terrence.
You've got to love that laugh. Terrence, thank you so much. You've been great all week. We appreciate it.
That's all the time we have left this evening. As always, thank you for being with us. This show will always be fair and balanced. Have a great weekend. We'll see you back here on Monday.

show#: 236  ***************************************************
 
show#: 237  ***************************************************
 All right, think about this for a second. These snowflake liberals were threatening violence, feigning outrage all because Ann Coulter wanted to talk about enforcing laws that are already on the books.
Now, as you're very well aware, this is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to these snowflake liberals just freaking out, shutting down any and all conservative voices.
Now, earlier this month, at Claremont McKenna College, well, agitators cut short a speech from conservative author Heather Mac Donald by using what she called, quote, "brute totalitarian force."
And a couple weeks ago at Duquesne University -- it's a college in Pennsylvania -- a student group actually protested a proposed Chick-fil-A restaurant -- which I love -- on campus claiming that it could jeopardize the school's safe spaces.
So what are we dealing with here? Well, it is now the sick reality that our kids, they're dealing with this every single day, sadly, on college campuses. Now, if you don't subscribe to the rigid left-wing ideology that's being pushed by the so-called tolerant alt-radical left, you're going to be shut down and you'll to be silenced by any means necessary.
You got to give her a lot of credit that she's willing to step into that lion's -- I -- I don't want to go to Berkeley! I'd do it just to make a point, at this point. But you know, who needs this aggravation?
... Coulter.
Such a good point.
You know what -- you know what -- it's almost like Ahmadinejad gets invited to -- you know, here's a guy that talks about wiping Israel...
... off the fact of the earth. Columbia, an Ivy League institution -- you know, he gets to speak there. And not only does he get -- a guy that threatened to wipe Israel off the map, denies the Holocaust - - that's OK. Ann Coulter -- you know, wait a minute. You've given me a great idea. Let's expand on this. You know, this is extemporaneous television.
How about you, Coulter, me, I -- I -- we got to ask Rush, see if he'll come, the "great one," Mark Levin...
We'll ask him.
We'll get every -- how about Clarence Thomas? (INAUDIBLE) Clarence Thomas makes liberals bubble and fizz like Alka-Seltzer and water.
We'll go a massive tour, and we'll air it on the Fox News Channel.
Wait a minute. I got a great idea.
We'll do a -- we'll call it the Great American tour. I don't know. So here's -- or how about the Make America Great tour. But here's the thing. We'll do 100 cities, and we'll crescendo in the biggest place we can.
And Donald Trump will give the closing speech to that crowd, as big a crowd as we can get. That will really drive them insane because I think this is all rooted -- I think a lot of this -- on a serious note -- is really rooted in -- there's a hatred towards the president that is so bad and so deep...
... that anybody that likes him...
... anybody that supports him...
... comes under attack, including his 10-year-old son and his own wife and his own daughter and any of us that support him. But maybe students really need to hear what conservatism is, right?
OK. But On a serious note, I really do think that conservatism as a philosophy, as an ideology, number one, is good for America. It's good for young people. It's an opportunity society. It's a climb the ladder thing...
... where a guy like me -- it's freedom. It -- that's a good way to sum it up.
But it's about opportunity. It's about American independence. It's about a strong national defense and energy independence and jobs and - - and corporations. I never got a job from a poor person.
Why?
I started a dishwasher. Here I get paid more...
Well, said.
You know, I'll say this, then we got to go to break here. But if you really think about it, it'd be such an opportunity to have this free, open, lively exchange of ideas and ideals and philosophies and opinions. Everybody could actually benefit from it, rather than -- where are these people on the left tonight? Where's the Hollywood liberals tonight? Where's Michael Moore tonight? Where's Bill Maher tonight?
Where's Pelosi?
Where are all these people on the left?
Yes, that's a good point. I've got to break.
Let's invite them. I got to take a break. We'll come back. More Laura Ingraham right after the break. Great points, Laura.
President Trump slams Democrats, saying they want a government shutdown. Our own Lou Dobbs -- he'll check in with us with reaction tonight.
And also tonight...
The alt radical left continues to spew vile hatred towards President Trump as he now approaches his first 100 days in office. Mercedes Schlapp, Geraldo Rivera -- they'll weigh in on this busy news night tonight. We're glad you are with us, even those of you in the media, as "Hannity" continues.
And welcome back to "Hannity," as we continue with Laura Ingraham.
Laura, I'm looking at the breaking news coming in. At this late hour, Kevin McCarthy saying it doesn't look like they're going to have a vote on health care tomorrow. Frustrating to me, knowing how hard the Freedom Caucus -- Mark Meadows in particular...
No, seriously, they've done the heavy lifting for the president to get this bill...
... across the finish line. And this bill is so important because it saves a trillion dollars on the president's economic plan. And it seems that the only reason they would do that is they probably don't quite have all these votes whipped yet. But they didn't build consensus in the beginning or let anyone see the bill. What's your reaction to that.
You know...
I am with you. Here's the frustration I have. And I don't -- you know, you meet Paul Ryan, he's a very likable guy. He said here on this program. I went to Washington and I interviewed him -- We're going to get this all done in 200 days.
He seemed sincere.
He said, We have a consensus bill. But then I find out it wasn't a consensus bill. He said everybody's seen it. Nobody saw the bill. And it seems -- you know, all my life, since I was a paperboy, a dishwasher, a cook, waiter, busboy, bartender, tile layer, framer, roofer, painter...
No.
The whole list. Here's my point, though...
For two decades of my life, I've always had a sense of urgency. I have it every day on radio, like you do. I have it every day on TV, like you do.
Where is his sense of urgency to get this done after promising it eight years?
I agree.
Laura, nobody in America after eight years wants to hear -- they don't care what reconciliation is. They don't know what it is, and they don't care. They don't know what cloture is.
They don't know what the Byrd rule is.
By the way, nor should they care.
What they want to know, it's very basic. Are my premiums going to be lower and am I going to have better care and more options available for me and my family? And after eight years, you're right, it's inexcusable.
Here's my fear, though, and I want your take. Is this going to be on every bill? Are they going to get the president's economic plan over the finish line? Because they're hurting the president and the country! The president has a vision and an agenda. And it's not about him, it's more about the people, the 95 million Americans out of work, the 50 million in poverty and on food stamps, the 51-year low of buying a home.
When are we going to worry about those people?
Oh, my God.
You know, if it wasn't so sad, it's funny.
All right, Laura, I got to break.
As always, thank you for being with us. Appreciate it.
All right, coming up, President Trump slams Democrats over the possibility of a government shutdown. Lou Dobbs is here next. He'll have reaction.
And also watch this later tonight...
Chris Matthews and the alt radical left liberals -- they continue to smear, slander President Trump. Mercedes Schlapp, Geraldo Rivera -- they're going to weigh in tonight.
That and much more on this busy news night tonight on "Hannity."
And welcome back to "Hannity." So with just one day to go before Congress must pass the spending bill, President Trump is calling out Democrats for their continued obstruction -- non-stop. In an interview with Reuters tonight, President Trump said that if the government is shut down, it will, in fact, be the Democrats' fault. And earlier today, the president tweeted, quote, "I promised to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics." He later added in another tweet, quote, "Democrats used to support border security. Now they want illegals to pour in through our borders."
Here with reaction from our sister station, the Fox Business Network, our friend, Lou Dobbs. You know, in 2006 -- it's such a good point -- all of these people, all of these Democrats -- they all supported the border wall. How did now we become xenophobes and they are the precious, wonderful, inclusive party?
Lou, what's so frustrating -- I know you have actually called for the speaker to step down.
And you're one of the few -- what's so frustrating is the opportunity that's presented to the country before us to really institute change. You know, we've been going over on this program -- I won't put up the list tonight -- but all the accomplishments of the president, keeping his promise, checking off his list. He's not perfect. Nobody's perfect. But he's done a really good job of keeping his promises.
He's close.
... he's doing.
Is there -- is there a -- do you worry about -- and maybe this is an artificial timeline...
... but you know, I know the media says the first 100 days. Reagan didn't get a lot of his -- his bills through Congress...
... until much later in the first year, but he got them through. Do you worry about a timeline or a window of opportunity that may close for the Republicans because then we get back into an election cycle? I would think the Republicans have some confidence. The Senate electoral map looks really good for them in 2018.
Right.
But -- but Lou...
I agree.
I agree, and here's the fascinating thing. And I can report with absolute authority that the people that had the urgency, that were working behind the scenes...
And I know you know this because you and I stay in contact, so I tell you all my secrets...
But you know how hard guys like Mark Meadows and -- and...
... Jim Jordan and all those Freedom Caucus guys -- when the bill didn't get voted on that Friday, they started that next Saturday to try and help the president to get this over the finish line. They compromised. They've worked with the varying coalitions within the Republicans. The Tuesday group, the Study Group, the more moderate Republicans, the drinking on Saturday night group, and we have a bill, and it's still not getting over the finish line tonight. It's so frustrating.
He also said the president is a racist. He wouldn't be seen with him during the election. He said to me that he supports his agenda, but my problem is, you know something, Lou? The people of this country shocked the world by voting for Donald Trump because they really want to change direction. The president I would argue has checked off every agenda item he possibly can that he can do on his own. These guys have wanted this power. 2010, give it us the House. 2014, give us the House and Senate. 2016, the go the White House. And they're still, it's almost like impotence. They are incapable of getting this over the finish line. The president can't do this on his own. We have three branches of government here.
Lou, Lou, 95 million Americans are out of the labor force, 95 million Americans are out of the labor force, 50 million in poverty, 50 million on food stamps. How about they work for the American people? My patience is running thin.
Lou Dobbs, I hope they are listening because my patience is running thin. Good to see you, my friends.
And up next, right here, tonight on "Hannity" --
The alt radical destroy-Trump media, they continue to stoop to new lows in their attacks against the president. Up next we will get reaction from Mercedes Schlapp, our friend Geraldo Rivera. And also tonight --
An update, liberal snowflakes at it again. They have not been handling Trump's presidency well. We have some lowlights from the president's first 100 days, and you don't want to miss this. We will get reaction from Ric Grenell and Charlie Hurt, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So every day we see more and more examples of hate from the left directed at Republicans. And they seem to be running out of comparisons for President Trump, they're running out of words and derogatory terms. Earlier today, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi actually compared the president to a vampire. This is pretty desperate, but watch it.
And over at NBC News, Mr. "Thrill up his leg" himself Chris Matthews, he is back. He said President Trump is like a monkey banging a stick. Wow.
Joining us now with reaction, Fox News contributor Mercedes Schlapp, Fox News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera. Geraldo, I will be fair here. I don't think anyone was tougher about Barack Obama's radical associations, his ideology, Alinsky and ACORN and Frank Marshall Davis and Reverend Wright and Ayers and Dohrn then I was. Maybe the tape will show I am wrong. I don't remember ever being that vicious and personal.
You are attacking me. You are supposed to be my friend. Really?
He transcends polls, Geraldo. He transcends them.
Let me ask Mercedes.
Mercedes, I would argue he did not fail on the refugees. That was a liberal court. That was judge shopping. And the same with immigration, as we were talking about with Lou Dobbs, that is really the House's fault. They were ill-prepared for this moment. And I'd say one other thing, if you look at the polls another way, he'd win the popular vote, and 98 percent of the people that voted for him are happy with him and would vote for him again.
By the way, not going for solutions is going to hurt them. Geraldo?
Geraldo, real quick question. Do you think there is anything he can do or say that is going to get either the Democrats in the House or Senate -- they would not even give him an up or down vote when Republicans give it to Sonia Sotomayor or Elena Kagan and then Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Is there anything he can say or do that you think is going to get any of these Democrats to ever say a nice thing about him or support him or support legislation? I don't. They're not his friends.
Mercedes, last word.
The country desperately is craving solutions because we have very severe problems and many Americans are suffering in large part because of bad government. I love you both. Good to see you. Thanks for being with us.
And up next tonight right here on "Hannity."
All right, the alt radical left, they have been losing their mind since President Trump took office. Up next, we're going to show you the out-of-control lowlights from the president's first 100 days. Charlie Hurt, Ric Grenell, their with us next straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So Saturday will mark President Trump's 100th day in office, and from the very first moment he was sworn in as commander-in-chief, the alt radical left destroy-Trump media and everybody else on the left, they never really gave the president a chance, and they literally have been out in full force trying to destroy his presidency and delegitimize him. This is only a small, tiny, itsy-bitsy sampling of the leftwing madness. Watch.
Joining us now with reaction, Fox News contributor Charlie Hurt, former spokesman for the U.S. ambassador to the U.N. Ric Grenell. Ric, I don't even know what to say. I could spend an entire hour and just run tape. We'll call it liberal lunacy or Trump derangement syndrome. It's so off the hook. But it's also poisonous. It's also destructive to getting things done for people in this country. Your thoughts?
I think that is one of the biggest surprises. The Saudi crown prince, the Israeli prime minister, the Egyptian president, King Abdullah of Jordan, the great relationship, they hit it off with the president of China who is now working with us to solve the North Korea problem.
Charlie, think back --
You and I were kind of beaten up a little bit by some of our fellow conservatives that thought we were nuts and Trump is never going to build a wall, Trump is never going to do these tax cuts, Trump is never going to put an originalist on the court. I am so over I told you so, but we kind of told them.
By the way, are either one of you sick of winning yet?
You know the funniest thing about Trump that I love the most, he had these town halls, the media is in the back -- all you people out there, the liars, they'll turn around and he'll all call them liar. We've never seen anything like this. People don't get it. He is actually very funny.
Last word, Charlie, quick.
Very well said. And they need that fight. Thanks, guys, appreciate it.
And when we come back, our "Question of the Day" and some of your "Hannity" voicemails on the "Hannity" hotline straight ahead.
Time for the "Question of the Day." Do you think the left is trying to silence conservatives? I think so. Respond.
And by the way, here are some of your voicemails you left me on the Hannity hotline.
I really needed that. Anyway, have something to say? Nice, mean, it doesn't matter. Call the number on your screen. We'll see you back here tomorrow night. Thanks for being with us. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 238  ***************************************************
 My bet is he knows it's justified.
Look, every once in a while, even Shiftless Schiff, you know, he kind of malfunctions and slips out of his destroy-Trump default setting and actually tells the truth. This was one of those are instances.
Other members of this deep state weren't so accepting of reality. Former Obama CIA director, remember, he's supposed to work for you, the American people. He's caught up in several of the scandals, but he's out there tweeting as arrogantly as James Comey.
'When the full extent of your venality, moral turpitude and political corruption becomes known, you will take your rightful place -- talking about Donald Trump -- as a disgraced demagogue in the dustbin of history. You may scapegoat Andy McCabe, but you will not destroy America. America will triumph over you.'
Really? This coming from Brennan? This guy who once voted for the communist party, a candidate from the communist party running for president?
Mr. Brennan, by the way, I look forward to learning about what you knew and when you knew it on a variety of issues, and I have a funny feeling we'll be hearing a lot more about you in the future.
You were supposed to, Mr. Brennan, served the American people, not your selfish deep state agenda.
And as for Andrew McCabe, after being fired, he issued a statement that is creating what is nothing short for a legal nightmare, for his BFF, his buddy, James Comey.
McCabe writes in part, quote: 'The OIG investigation is focused on information I chose to share with the reporter through my public affairs officer and a legal counselor as deputy director. I was one of only a few people who had the authority to do that. It was not a secret.'
It took place over several days and others, including the director -- ding, ding, that would be Comey -- were aware of the interaction with this reporter. It was a type of exchange with the media that the deputy director oversees several times per week. In fact, it was the same type of work that I continue to do under Director Wray at his request.
So, McCabe is actually admitting that Comey knew he was engaging in a media leak, which is the reason why he got fired, or part of the reason on top of lying under oath. It sounds like McCabe either slipped up or is throwing his best friend, James Comey, under the bus because back in 2017, in May, Comey gave a very different answer about leaks to Congress while James Comey was under oath.
So, who is James Comey or McCabe saying this?
Let's take a look at the videotape.
No. OK, with evidence like that coming out, you would think that Comey wanted to keep his big mouth shut, but that's not what he's doing. Instead, you got Comey, he's out there on Twitter. He's taunting the president ahead of his big liberal media book tour blitz, tweeting out, quote: 'Mr. President, the American people will hear my story very soon as they can judge for themselves who is honorable and who is not.'
James, like we've been saying, Mr. Comey, you have the right to remain silent. I don't know who your attorney is. God help this guy.
Since you are interested in auditioning to become the next liberal media darling by going on 'The View' and going on with Colbert and sitting down with Clinton sycophant George Stephanopoulos, we have some questions for you. Mr. Comey, well, you are more than welcome to come on the show, share what you claim is your inspiring story. I'll give you the entire hour right here on this set. I will give you three hours on my nationally syndicated radio show. I'm on 575 stations.
Come on! Four solid hours. You want to get the truth out, you want to be our guest, you want to answer a few questions? Come on, you're welcome.
For example, what did you know about Andrew McCabe's leaks and Andrew McCabe's lying under oath. Why did you tell President Trump that Clinton, that bought and paid for dossier with Russian lies, why did you say it was salacious and unverified in January 2017, at a meeting at Trump Tower, but three months earlier in October of 2016, you were using that same dossier to get a warrant to spy on Carter Page and that was the bulk of the FISA application?
So, Mr. Comey, come on the show and tell us why the FBI also never corroborated or verified the dossier. And did you know it used current and former Russian government sources? Which is supposed to be a big deal. Did the
Did the FBI make any attempt, did you make any attempt, to look at Christopher Steele's Russian sources and interview them yourself? Did anyone at the FBI ask Steele about his sources? Did you pay Christopher Steele? There are reports that you did pay them.
And what about Fusion GPS? Did you ever ask Glenn Simpson or anyone at the company if they ever tried to verify the dossier, because the answer is no, they didn't.
By the way, then there's the FISA court. Mr. Comey, personally, you were aware of course that the FISA judges, did you not know that they were lied to? Did you not know they were never told that Hillary Clinton had bought and paid for the unverified Russian propaganda dossier? Were you at all aware that the bulk of the FISA application being made up of those Russian lies?
Or how about Andrew McCabe saying without the dossier, there would not have even been a FISA application? Did you know that as well? You're close friends with Andrew. You were his boss.
Were you also aware that Clinton paid her money through her campaign for these Russian lies and Clinton's campaign, the DNC, they funneled over $12 million through a law firm, Perkins Coie, did you know that too? Why did they funnel that money?
And then there's the Clinton fixed email investigation, Mr. Comey. Sit down and explain why any investigator -- you worked for the FBI -- why were you writing and exoneration months before interviewing not only Hillary Clinton, but 17 other key witnesses? That's what you did in the Hillary Clinton email investigation.
Take a look, Mr. Comey at the sight of your screen. You're probably familiar with 18 USC 793. That makes it illegal, in other words, against the law, to mishandle classified, top-secret special access program information. Did Hillary Clinton mishandle all that information by keeping that unsecure server in the bathroom of a mom-and-pop shop -- pop shop closet? Oh, was she trying to circumvent congressional oversight?
You originally said it was likely that hostile foreign actors hacked into Hillary's server. Did Russia hack into that server? Did China, did Iran, did North Korea, did they gain access to America's top secrets in Hillary's emails?
Or what about the fact that Hillary Clinton, she deleted 33,000 subpoenaed emails? Mr. Comey, is that a crime? Is that obstructing justice? We would like for you to explain a couple of these reports.
Take a look at these headlines, October 2016. 'FBI source: Majority of staff on Clinton case wanted her prosecuted.' 'Exclusive: FBI agents say Comey -- that would be you -- stood in the way of the Clinton email investigation.'
Mr. Comey, can you please explain those headlines? Can we talk to the agents that worked for you? That worked on that case?
What about what former FBI assistant director, James Kallstrom, is saying to the American people about all of this? You may want to pay attention.
So, Mr. Comey, Mr. Deep State, here's an open invitation for you to come on the show. Come tell your story, come sell your book and answer some real questions. And Mr. Comey, if you care about the truth, you know, it's fine. Go running to your liberal friends for a little safe space to talk, but answer real questions here.
Also tonight, members of the fake news media, they have lost their minds yet again over all things Donald Trump and in this case for Donald Trump daring to call out the extreme and abusive bias, the mass of conflicts of interest that surround Robert Mueller's special counsel. We've been telling you this for a long time.
The media just can't stand the fact that the president is defending himself and telling the truth, no collusion, and exposing their agenda and their lies.
So, the president over the weekend, he tweeted out this: 'As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded, no collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign as many are now finding out. However, there was tremendous leaking, lying, corruption at the highest levels of the FBI, the Justice Department and the State Department. #draintheswamp.'
Mueller has been at this for almost 10 months. Congress, for over 14 months, and so far, nothing, no evidence of Trump-Russia collusion.
Mueller, if you've got it, come on the show and tell America. By the way the media, if you have more proof that this is not a witch hunt, OK, I don't believe you.
'Axios' is reporting tonight that Robert Mueller is more interested in what happened after the election than before the election.
This collusion, supposedly, was the whole reason for the entire investigation. And, by the way, how can Rod Rosenstein -- this guy is so conflicted, he should have recused himself, because on the one hand, he signs off on one of the four FISA warrants using Clinton's bought and paid for Russian dossier, and then he also appoints Mueller. I say conflict of interest.
It's why the president tweeted, quote: 'The Mueller probe should never have been started and that there was no collusion and no crime. It was based on fraudulent activities and a fake, phony dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC and improperly used in a FISA court for surveillance of my campaign. Witch hunt!'
And, by the way, people are saying this weekend, well, act like you're not guilty. OK, saying I didn't do it means you are acting like you're not guilty.
Then the president added, 'why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats, some big crooked Hillary supporters, zero Republicans, another Democrat recently added, does anyone think this is fair? And yet, there is no collusion.'
The president is right to be fed up with all of this. Look at what it has done to this country in the last year. Look at the side of your screen. Mueller's merry band of Democratic donors given over 50 grand to Democrats, including Obama, Clinton and the DNC. None of those people donated to the Trump campaign.
So, if the president is innocent, I say he has every right to be upset, every right to speak out. Mueller's swamp and his deep state, they are abusively biased. They've been shown to be corrupt, shown to have an agenda and according to a report, Andrew Weissmann, by the way described as 'The New York Times' as Mueller pit bull, attended Hillary Clinton's election night party. And Janine Ray (ph) did legal work for the Clinton Foundation. That's was on Mueller's team.
And as for the media, they went absolutely nuts, speculating that Trump was going to fire Mueller. No, that's not what the president said. He said it never should have started. He never insinuated in any way he was going to fire Mueller, but that's not what you're lying news media reported this weekend.
Make sense, right?
Look at these new text messages between, Sara, Strzok and Page, the FBI love birds. What's fascinating about this, you got Strzok and Page -- Strzok was also working on the exoneration with Comey before the investigation, but also, this is really scary, this exchange that we talk about on Friday night as they talk about Rudolph Contreras. He is a FISA court judge.
All right. Let me bring in Tom Fitton here. Tom, as you look at all of this here and you look at the media's reaction and how -- how they can spin the president who was right -- now we now know Comey is in trouble, Strzok is in trouble, Page is in trouble. McCabe is an obvious trouble. I would bet Loretta Lynch is in trouble. Brennan and others in here as well.
And we have deep state actors that clearly did not want Donald Trump to, A, get elected and, B, to succeed, and they have been undermining him in ways that I don't think any American could ever have imagined.
This is unbelievable.
Yes.
Look at Comey and Brennan and how arrogant these people are.
What about Brennan? What about Clapper?
All right. Thank you all for being with us. So much more to get to. Sara, thank you. Tom, Gregg, thank you all for joining us tonight.
And joining us, he's the chairman of the House Intel Committee, Devin Nunes is with us.
Congressman, good to see you again, thanks for being with us.
Let's first get your take on the firings of the deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe and the statement of the attorney general.
Yes. Well, one of the things he's going to have to fight the answers, but I really see he even seem to in his statement implicate James Comey. Did you catch that as well, that he knew about the leaks in the media?
And do we know when we are finally getting this report? I mean, I keep hearing one former head of the FBI -- top FBI officials say it is pure T&T (ph).
Yes. You know, James Kallstrom has been a longtime friend of this program and he actually made the statement. Former assistant FBI director, high-ranking people throughout the government had a plot to protect Hillary Clinton from being indicted. In your opinion based on what we know and 18 USC 793 which is you cannot mishandle classified information, similarly you cannot destroy.
Then, of course, you have subpoenaed emails that are deleted, acid wash, bleach bit, busting up devices with hammers. Do you have any doubt in your mind that those are crimes?
Yes. I mean, now the public -- I mean, this poll that I referred to in the last segment about the deep state is very telling. I want to ask you about two issues involving James Comey. The president pointed out a testimony that James Comey was under oath to Senator Graham, have you ever been an anonymous source, or known someone else to be an anonymous source? He said, never, no.
Did he -- do we now know that's not true with the leak that we know he was involved in?
We do have evidence of what Hillary Clinton did as it relates to the email server. We do have evidence that in fact an exoneration was written before an investigation. We do have evidence that Hillary fixed a primary and we do have evidence that she paid for a phony dossier funneling money through a law firm and at that dossier that she paid for was then used to get and obtain a FISA warrant with great omissions and lies on four separate occasions to FISA judges. Am I wrong on any of that?
It's can't -- it's illegal. The comments seem very arrogant from both James Comey and Brennan this weekend as it relates to the president. It seems personal and it seems abusively biased. What is your reaction to their comments?
All right. It seems what James Kallstrom said that high-ranking people throughout the government had a plot to protect Hillary from being indicted and I would add undermining Donald Trump. Mr. Chairman, thank you, sir, for being with us, we appreciate it.
And joining us now with reaction, Michelle Malkin Investigates host of CRTV, Michelle Malkin, Fox News national security strategist, former deputy assistant to the president, Sebastian Gorka. Michelle, your reaction to all of this, and this is really just the tip of the iceberg, McCabe.
It's a hijacking and it's to undermine a duly elected president and to assist a felon lawbreaker and literally exonerate somebody who committed many laws. That is a constitutional crisis.
Let me go to Dr. Gorka. You have Rice, you have Clapper, you have Brennan. You have Comey, you have Page, you have Strzok. You have Loretta Lynch. You have the Obama administration, top down.
Deep state.
Special counsel.
Special counsel. All right, guys, you've been amazing. Thank you all. So much more to get to. We are way behind. The great one Mark Levine, he's next.
All right. Here to weigh on all of tonight's big developments, the host of CRTV's Levin TV and the host right here on the Fox News Channel, Life, Liberty and Levin. Thank me, how am I?
Let me bring -- let me bring this audience behind the scenes. You and I talk a lot, we are best friends. You called me this weekend and like the both of us were apoplectic about not just McCabe, but how this is the beginning, the level of deep state corruption and how the media in this country lies to the American people.
Under oath.
Or Rosenstein.
Yes.
Great one. You are one of the hardest interviews I've ever had had. That is a superb analysis, serious good job as always. Life, Liberty & Levin every Sunday night at 10 p.m. the number one show on cable. And you don't want to miss it.
When we come back, Peter Schweizer, a new book about government officials and corruption. Remember he wrote the number one best seller Clinton Cash. This book will be number one. His first interview, next.
All right. He's back. Three years ago about this time of year New York Times best-selling author, Peter Schweizer he launched the book number one New York Times bestseller 'Clinton Cash.' He's out with a new investigative book it's entitled 'Secret Empires: How the American Political Class Hides Corruption Enriches Family and Friends.'
All right. Let me just tell this audience because I've read the book and you saw I had them highlighted today. That we are not going to get to the whole thing today.
Billions.
His adopted son. Joe Biden's son.
Look, so he takes his son to China.
You told that the time, remember that he was being soft on China.
Ten days later --
-- his son got a what?
One point five billion with a b.
How many billions between these three are we talking about?
So it's a back door way.
Like Obama made a big deal. Five year lobbying ban. You know, my, you know what.
That's a lie. Because if Biden's son can go on Air Force Two and make a deal 10 days later --
-- for a billion and a half dollars and this is the first of a number of deals --
-- this is basically another way to buy influence.
All right. We're going to bring you back once a week and dig into each one of the scandals one by one. But this is a big headline for our audience. It includes Mitch McConnell.
Right.
And we're also going to bring you back on Obama. His deals were a little different in the little shady too. All right. So you have on the cover of the book, you have -- you have Kerry, you have crazy Uncle Joe. You've got McConnell, Obama, and Jared Kushner.
And I read the Jared Kushner part and I'm thinking boy, he's in trouble. But it was a lot different -- this is in the same. Why did you put him on the cover if he's not guilty of these same issues?
Right.
McConnell should be nervous about this book.
So these others corrupt deals. You're just saying in Jared's case, you better learn from these guys, don't do it.
All right. This book, 'Secret Empires,' bestseller Amazon.com, Hannity.com. Bookstores everywhere. Peter, good to see you. More Hannity after this.
All right. Just breaking out, Politico reports GOP issuing a subpoena for justice records in Clinton probe. We've been telling you all about this.
Also this week, we will be investigating who is Robert Mueller. We have information that probably will shock you. Tune in, that's all this week. We will always be fair and balance. Let not your heart be troubled. We're not the destroyed Trump media. Laura Ingraham is standing by.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 239  ***************************************************
 But he is not sending $150 billion in cash and other currencies and he is not giving billions of dollars to the North Koreans. He gave nothing.
But the destroy Trump media, they love the policies of appeasement of Barack Obama and President Clinton. Both of which have failed. At this point, it wouldn't be surprising if the media literally awarded Neville Chamberlain, you know, a profile in courage award for capitulating in his negotiations with Adolf Hitler in Munich.
Like we have been saying, the media cannot stomach a leader that believes in peace through strength and stands up to dictators. All they want, they want a president to grabble and cower and kiss Kim Jong-un's rings. President Trump is proving he won't do that. As a result he is winning. He got every condition he needed and a discussion -- well, about denuclearization would be good for the world. He's not going to repeat the absolutely idiotic and completely foolish mistakes of both Clinton and Barack Obama.
Now, back in the 1990s, Bill Clinton came up with brilliant idea let's try to bribe Kim Jong-un's father Kim Jong-il with billions of dollars in energy subsidies with the hopes that the North Koreans would abandon a nuclear program. President Clinton actually took a victory lap on national TV, patting himself on the back for brokering a great deal for the American people. He was wrong.
Look.
Now, Bill Clinton's massive foreign policy blunder set the stage for North Korea to actually develop nuclear weapons. Billions wasted. And he is directly responsible for the current situation we face today. And, of course, there is president appeasement himself, Barack Obama. He tried to outdo both Neville Chamberlain and Bill Clinton with a timid reckless policy of appeasement towards Iran and radical mullahs that are calling for death to America, the same people promising to wipe America and Israel off the map, who burn American and Israeli flags. In other words, they hate our guts.
That didn't stop Obama from orchestrating one of the worst deals ever in the history of mankind. Now, the appeaser in chief, he gave Iran $150 billion while still allowing them to spin their centrifuges.
Here is Obama surrendering to the radical mullahs, in case you're interested.
Now, unlike Neville Chamberlain, Bill Clinton and Barack Obama, President Trump is refusing to give an inch when it comes to countering North Korean aggression. Watch this.
Yes, fury and fire for rocket man. And here's something the abusively biased news media will never tell you. Well, since the 1900s, Donald Trump has been warning about the growing threat posed by North Korea. Take a look.
And also tonight, we have even more proof, exposing the media's anti-Trump agenda. Now, according to the New Media Research Center study, 91 percent of ABC, NBC, CBS' evening newscast coverage about President Trump was negative in January and February -- 91 percent. I told you back a long time ago journalism in America is dead.
What we have now is a media that is only an extension of the Democratic Party. They regurgitate the talking points. Their singular purpose is to do what? Destroy president Trump at all cost and the truth be damned and all of these statistics prove it.
Now, in the media's efforts to delegitimize, damage this president they have all but blacked out any positive news coming from the White House. Just look at today's economic data. February's job numbers smashed expectations, 313,000 new jobs were created. That's the best monthly gain in over a year and a half.
Since president, Trump took office, 363,000 manufacturing jobs have been created and a record 155 million Americans are now on the labor force. Here's the statistic the media will never tell you about. According to the Heritage Foundation, 64 percent of President Trump's agenda is already complete. That's faster than President Ronald Reagan himself which is astounding.
The media doesn't care. Instead, they are only hyper focused on advancing their bizarre conspiracy theory about Trump-Russia collusion that has no evidence of ever happening. There is no evidence. There has been no evidence.
Now, while the media has been literally taking you, the American people, down this conspiratorial rabbit hole for over a year, here's what they've missed -- take a look at the side of your screen. Those are all President Trump's accomplishments. Have you heard of the media ever talk about any of these? I doubt.
The media spent the past year and a half thrashing the president at every single turn. They absolutely refuse to give this administration credit for anything. It's 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 365 days a year, non- stop, constant attacks, and a lot of lies. It's unlike anything we have ever seen. And sadly, well, it's only going to get worse. The more successful the president is, the harder the media is going to try to destroy him.
All right. Joining us with reaction, former White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer and former deputy assistant to the president, Fox News national security strategist, Dr. Gorka.
Sean Spicer, just look at these numbers: 3 million jobs have been created. America now is on a path towards energy independence. He's gotten rid of more regulations than any other administration in record time. His tax cut deal is done. The employer mandate is done. And, lo and behold, rocket man is going to sit down with the president.
Who would have thunk it?
Yes. And after eight years of Obama, 13 million more Americans on food stamps, 8 million more on poverty, lowest labor participation rate since the 1970s, worse recovery since the `40s, he doubled the debt, lowest home ownership rate in 51 years. It's all rebounded in a year and tax cuts are now only just kicking in, Dr. Gorka.
Yes, but isn't the chaos -- America elected a disrupter.
America elected an iconoclast. You know what? I don't think most Americans are going to vote -- that they don't like Donald Trump's tweets if they have $3,000 more dollars in their pocket a year.
Guys, thank you both. We appreciate it. Have a good weekend.
We have more breaking news tonight. The attorney for Uranium One informant, Victoria Toensing joins us with Sara Carter. Why? Because we discover there is ongoing investigation into the Clinton Foundation that nobody knew about. We'll tell you next.
Welcome back to our special news breaking edition of HANNITY.
Joining us now with a lot more is the attorney for the FBI informant, Victoria Toensing, Fox News contributor Sara Carter.
As I look at this with Douglas Campbell, so here is a guy Victoria, your client that literally put his client in jeopardy for decades in his life, serving this country. So, he has access to Putin operatives in America. We know, because he is reporting back crimes, bribery, extortion, money laundering, kickbacks, and he knows and discovers that Putin's operatives inside America, that they, in fact, would like to get a foothold in the uranium industry.
So, an article comes out, leak Democrats trashing your client but we discover that, in fact, he is so credible that FBI agents in December in Arkansas that are looking into the Clinton Foundation, in fact interviewed him, but the big revelation is there's an investigation into the Clinton Foundation.
Explain.
And we reached out to them, but you know what? You can always follow the money in these cases.
Sara, you know this informant. You met with this informant. This informant has gone before three congressional committees. But the notion that we suspected, we thought, we believed, but now we know, there is an FBI investigation into the Clinton Foundation.
And they knew about the felonies. They knew these were Putin operatives. They knew Putin's goal was to get a piece of the uranium market. They knew all of this. Everybody knew.
Unbelievable.
Yes. By the way, all of this belies the lie of Clintons. Oh, this has been debunked. There is ongoing FBI investigation.
Thank you both.
We're going to stay on this topic and we will follow it to its conclusion. We would like to know what the FBI knows and how far this investigation is going.
When we come back, we will expose the left's ties to one of the most racist and anti-Semitic people in America, Reverend Louis Farrakhan, something members of the mainstream media should be doing, but are afraid of, as we continue.
All right. As we continue this special news breaking edition of Hannity tonight, an investigation into the bigotry of the left. So when a prominent Democrats and women's March organizers, when will they denounce Louis Farrakhan, who is one of the most hateful, racist anti-Semitic people in America today. And why did the Congressional Black Caucus pressure a photographer to keep this photo of Barack Obama and Louis Farrakhan a secret before the 2008 election. Now, we're going to cover all of that and more in tonight's mini monologue.
We have been following a story that the Daily Caller broke earlier this week about seven Democratic lawmakers having ties to Louis Farrakhan. Now, this list includes Representative Maxine Waters, Keith Ellison, who also the Deputy co-chair of the DNC; Congresswoman Barbara Lee; Danny Davis; Andre Carson; Gregory Meeks; and Al Green.
Now, these alarming connections to Farrakhan are causing the Republican Jewish coalition rightly to call on these lawmakers to resign. Now, those members of congress aren't the only liberals that have relationships with Farrakhan. We will have more on that in a second.
Now, Tamika Mallory, she is the co-chair of the women's March, she actually attended a recent Farrakhan's event, and it was called "Savior's day in Chicago," where he said these despicable things.
He has only a history of this kind of racism and antisemitism. Now, Tamika Mallory, she posted on Instagram about the event. And according to the anti-defamation league, Farrakhan absolutely gave Mallory a shout out during this speech. Now, after an intense backlash, Mallory is out with a statement, where she apologizes to the various groups of people that Farrakhan routinely and viciously and hatefully attacks, but then she also defended her attendance.
And she writes in part, quote, "I didn't expect my presence at Savior's Day to lead anyone to question my beliefs, especially considering that I have been going to this event regularly for over 30 years." And she continues, "Where my people are is where I must also be. I go into difficult spaces. I attend meetings with police and legislators and the very folks so much of my protest has been directed towards."
This is utterly ridiculous argument. Now, you can't attend Farrakhan events for over 30 years, like Mallory has just admitted, and all of the sudden pretend to be surprised and learned that he spews vile hateful racist and anti-Semitic rhetoric. This is what the left does every single time. They hang these people, the radical left wingers, they hang out with them and then either flat out deny their relationships or they just pretend, like it just isn't a big deal.
For example, let's look at how some of those seven Democratic members of Congress are reacting to being exposed to having these ties to Farrakhan. Now, Congressman Keith Ellison only told the Washington Post, oh, none of my colleagues ever asked me about that, only reporters. I'm telling you no one cares. Pretty disgraceful. And this is the same Keith Ellison that accuses Republicans of being racist and for years has been trying to dodge and down play allegations of anti-Semitism.
And of course, Ellison, he is not alone. Back in February, Congressman Danny Davis told the Daily Caller, he is not bothered by Farrakhan's position on, quote, "The Jewish question," and Congressman Davis has previously told the Daily Caller that he thinks Farrakhan is a, quote, "outstanding human being." And Danny is changing his tune and denouncing Farrakhan.
Now, we reached out to all seven members of congress for comment. They all ignored us except for Congressman Gregory Meeks. He directed us to a tweet where he condemns Farrakhan's anti-Semitic statement, but then goes on to attack President Trump.
As for the other members of congress that are not denouncing their ties to Farrakhan, the Daily Caller is reporting that Maxine Waters, Barbara Lee, Andre Carson and Al Green have all attended meetings with Farrakhan while serving as members of Congress.
And by the way, take look at this. It is a stunning video that shows Maxine Waters, Barbara Lee, Al Green all hugging and shaking hands with, yes, the racist, anti-Semite Louis Farrakhan. And according to the Daily Caller, this happened in 2006 during an event in New Orleans.
Now, for years these members of Congress have been able to maintain relationships with Farrakhan, because most members of the media give them a pass. There is no accountability, no punishment for hanging out with hate- filled extremists. In fact, it has become a defining characteristic of the left, including former President Barack Obama.
Now, we told you how Obama sat in the pews of the Reverend Wright's church, you know, the church of G.D. America for 20 years, how he launched this political career inside the living room of un-repented domestic terrorist, Bill Ayers, and Bernardine Dohrn.
Given that information, this 2005 photo of Barack Obama grinning ear to ear with Louis Farrakhan, it shouldn't be a surprise. Now, the reason you never saw this before the election in 2008 is because the photographer who took the picture said he was pressured by the Congressional Black Caucus to keep it a secret. And the photographer also says that he thinks that this photo would have made a difference in the 2008 election.
All right. Here now with reaction Fox News contributor, Herman Cain. Herman, simple question, not complicated question. Imagine somebody that racist, anti-Semitic, that hateful and a picture with Donald Trump?
You are also on the HSGA list. Sean Hannity Great American list.
All right. Herman, Great to see you. When we come back, for over a year right here on this program, we have been breaking story after story while members of the mainstream media turned a blind eye. Joe Concha and Dr. Gina Loudoun will join us straight ahead.
All right. Over the past year right here on this program, we have been bringing you important breaking stories about deep state scandals, it should concern every single American. You might remember some of these moments.
Investigative journalist Sara Carter from Circa news will join news just a minute. Now, she along with her colleague, John Solomon, they have confirmed the existence of in fact a FISA court warrant order, granted in October of 2016, just weeks before the general election. I want you to remember very crucial words, four words, surveillance, unmasking, intelligence and leaking.
We have real evidence that the FBI uncovered a Russia plot that involved. We have real evidence, bribery, extortion, blackmail, money laundering, and racketeering. They knew in 2009, that was one year before Hillary Clinton and the Obama administration approved this corrupt uranium one deal.
The FBI top echelon, not rank and file, lied to a FISA Judge about Clinton and the DNC. They never told a judge that she paid for these Russian lies in this dossier that was then used to get a warrant to spy on the Trump campaign.
Now, sadly, some of these stories still are not being covered by the mainstream media, the question is why? Joining us now from The Hill, Joe Concha, and radio talk show host Dr. Gina Loudon.
Dr. Loudon, you know, it is a pretty simple fundamental issue, I think one of the greatest abuse of power corruption scandals we have seen, they don't even touch it, especially in light of what we learned about how the FISA warrant was based on everything Hillary Clinton, you know bought and paid for that turned out to be false, Russian propaganda.
Joe, I don't see any excuse for not covering this. You cover the media. Can you -- it is inexplicable to me, your thoughts?
So do they eventually get embarrassed when we -- when a special counsel is appointed?
Now we are learning everything we had been reporting is now being corroborated. It was one year ago yesterday on this program we broke this story that a FISA warrant was issued against the Trump campaign. Everybody laughed at it. They laughed at the President when he tweeted about it. But we were right.
All right guys, when we come back, more of this news breaking edition of Hannity, straight ahead.
All right. A quick programming note, be sure to tune in this coming Monday 9:00 Eastern. We have exclusive interview with Vice President Mike Pence. We'll ask him about the President's upcoming face- to-face meeting with Kim Jong-un and much more, the good economic news and, of course, yes, there is an investigation into the Clinton foundation that nobody knew about. There is going to be a lot of other breaking news. I can't tell you about now. Join us Monday at 9:00.
That is all the time we have left this evening. We will always be fair and balanced. We are not them. Anyway, you can also check out our Instagram page and you pick up a copy of my movie, "Let there be light." It is now On Demand, it is on DVD at Walmart, Amazon.com, and Hannity.com. If you haven't seen it the whole family, I hope, will love it.
Have a great weekend. Jason Chaffetz in for Laura, we will see you Monday.

show#: 240  ***************************************************
 All right. Breaking right now, truth and transparency are under assault in our country. Democrats, the liberal media, they are now peddling their lies and conspiracy theories about President Trump with impunity. Now, it has now reached the point where they want to hurt the president so badly that they are now turning on we, the people, the American people and they refuse to pursue what is truth, with all the evidence that they can muster.
Now, in their panic, they are trying to utterly destroy the people that are exposing the single greatest threat to our constitutional government in our lifetime. Now, here is why. It has been a year of hell for this country. The media has been lying the whole time. They have been pushing propaganda, conspiracy theories about Trump/Russia collusion even though evidence does not exist. It's a fabrication. It's constructed in their liberal media echo chamber and then falsely repeated over and over again. They may even believe their own lies.
Now, the media has carried out this lie even though top ranking Democrats and national security officials have all said there's no collusion. In case they forgot, let us do their job and remind them.
No evidence, no evidence. They have been focused on perpetuating something they know is a lie.
Now, we have been slowly uncovering a massive American scandal that makes Watergate, the Pentagon Papers, look like minor infractions.
Now, Fox News is reporting tonight that President Trump has, in fact, reviewed the four page classified memo that exposes massive and severe FISA abuses against members of his campaign and then his incoming Cabinet. And sources are telling us the memo will, in fact, be released tomorrow.
As can you imagine, after a year of lies and painting of false narrative, Democrats in the media they are now hyperventilating and breathlessly doing everything they can possibly do to discredit and stop the memo from being released. What are they so afraid of?
Let's start with the MSNBC conspiracy host in training, Congressman Adam Schiff. He went running to all his liberal allies in the media like Paul Revere claiming that the memo sent to the White House had been, quote, secretly altered and, quote, material changes were made.
Now, in Schiff's twisted mind, this means that the memo wouldn't be able to be released to the public because House rules were violated. And the media goes into full hyperventilation mode and they were ecstatic and they were all wrong. We will explain that in just a second.
But, first, just take a look at what's happening.
See the echo chamber? You got the liberal congressman and the liberal media and they echo each other. Wow, big surprise. And they are wrong.
Schiff is lying. Our own Catherine Herridge reporting tonight that edits made to the memo were for, A, grammar and, B, clarity and additional edits the ones that were done were requested by the FBI to protect sources and methods and at the request of Democrats, meaning people like Adam Schiff on the House Intelligence Committee.
Now, this part is very key and I hope Adam Schiff is listening, because he apparently was rushing to an MSNBC interview when the memo was being updated. All of the edits were made before the memo was sent to the White House for review and not after like Schiff is claiming. Now, in typical Democratic distraction fashion, Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer, they are all doing their best to disparage the memo and attacking House Intel Committee Chairman Devin Nunes. And they're demanding that Nunes be removed from his position. And their liberal colleagues are also attacking the memo.
Notice they all sound alike -- one big lying echo chamber. It's amazing. Propaganda.
Right. The liberal media is following their commands from their Democratic allies because they are one big group together and all they have in the media is an extension of what the Democrats want. They are also trying to slam the memo.
Why are they so afraid of the memo?
Watch this.
This is something that will haunt this country if we don't fix what has happened which I will be explaining.
And even disgraced former FBI Director James Comey, well, is he trying to get in on the action. And tonight, Comey tweeted: All should appreciate the FBI speaking up. I wish more of our leaders would. But take heart, American history shows that in the long run, weasels and liars never hold the field so long as good people stand up. Not a lot of schools or streets are named after Joe McCarthy.
By the way, the last thing we need are lectures from Jim Comey. By the way, Jim, just a reminder, you have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you.
And Jim Comey needs to be put under oath. He needs to be questioned. And, Jim, I want to know why you exonerated Hillary Clinton months before you did the investigation, before it ever took place. And, Jim, what do you know about Trump-hating FBI agents Peter Strzok and Lisa Page?
And, Jim Comey, what do you know about Andrew McCabe waiting three weeks to alert Congress about the emails that have been found on Anthony Weiner's laptop? And, by the way, what did you know and when did you know about Hillary Clinton's paid for dossier? Did you know it was phony, Jim? Did you know it was bought and paid for by an opposition party candidate? Did you know it was presented to a FISA court? Did you pay Christopher Steele? Did you want to pay Christopher Steele, the former British spy that put it together with Russian sources that he likely paid?
So, Jim, let's cut the sanctimony, what is going on today happened on your watch. And with all due respect, I don't see any streets in the future being named after James Comey. But, if I was you, Jim, I would be saving these comments for your lawyers.
Now, back to the memo that we hear will be released tomorrow. Sources are telling us tonight that this is just the tip of the iceberg. The memo is only 10 to 15 percent of information that will be coming out the days, weeks and months ahead. Tonight, John Solomon of The Hill is reporting Republicans are looking to make the case that, in fact, the Russia investigation that we have been highlighting and special counsel Robert Mueller's probe were based on, quote flawed or politically tainted evidence connected to partisans loyal to Hillary Clinton.
Now, that would mean the entire thing was based on Clinton bought and paid for lies. And if the media had any ethical standards left, and if they really cared about truth, if they cared about the American people, if they believed in transparency, they would have been all over the story demanding on behalf of the American people, that the memo be released.
Now, let's put this in a little historical context here. I want to show you a couple of examples. Let's go back. Remember Watergate. Third rate break in. Trying to get opp research from the headquarters of the other party in a presidential election and then you lie and cover it up. A president was removed from office and had to resign over that.
Here's how the media covered Watergate. Then they were a little different. Not as partisan as today.
Is Hillary above the law? Do we have a dual justice system? Do we have equal justice under the law?
Compare that coverage to what we showed you earlier how the media is trying to malign, ridicule a memo, detailing a major FISA abuse against an opposition party during a campaign. This scandal in the end will make Watergate look like a parking ticket. And members of Congress that have seen the memo say it shocks the conscience.
Yet the media doesn't want you to see it and seemingly doesn't care as they do the bidding for the Democratic Party like they have done for a year, pushing a false Trump-Russia narrative that has no evidence. Now, the media is now actively working and in concert with the Democratic Party. They are working to prevent you, the American people, from seeing what's in the memo.
Let the memo speak for itself and you decide. And all of this proves is that the news media, they don't seem to care about civil liberties. We do have constitutional protections, the Fourth Amendment on reasonable search and seizure, and the media have just become shrills and hacks for the Democratic Party. They are only focused on undermining and destroying President Trump. Whatever they can possibly find or do or make up.
Here is another historical comparison. Remember the Pentagon Papers? That exposed how the American government, especially the Lyndon Johnson administration, lied to the public about the country's involvement in Vietnam for decades. Now, The New York Times and The Washington Post at the time, they fought all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court for the right to publish those classified documents and guess what? They won. Guess what? The truth was exposed.
But now the media is doing the exact opposite. They want the memo kept secret, which is pathetic. They are doing a great disservice to you, the American people. Instead pushing for truth, they are now trying to attack anybody that is trying to expose the biggest case of abuse of power we have ever seen in our lifetime. And people that are trying to be transparent and let you see the truth are under attack by the press and the left that has now aligned themselves. They are one in unison now.
There is no separation between left wing liberal politicians and your media. No line of separation. The media is a bunch of willing accomplices and basically propagandists desperately trying to change the narrative. They have been wrong for an entire year.
Here's what they won't tell you. This is what this all comes down to. The scandal starts with Hillary Clinton. They don't care if she rigged -- Donna Brazile, head of the DNC, rigged a primary against Bernie Sanders. Imagine if Donald Trump did that and in the Republican primary.
Then, corrupt the officials James Comey, Peter Strzok, Lisa Page, Andrew McCabe and probably Loretta Lynch, they put the fix in protecting Hillary Clinton with an exoneration before an investigation even though we know she mishandled and destroyed classified information and broke the law. From there, Clinton took that idea of rigging primaries and then tried to apply it to the general election. Hillary Clinton's campaign and the money she controlled through the DNC, they spent over $12 million for what turned out to be unverified, totally false, a dossier filled with Russian lies to influence and lie to you, the American people.
Then, this is where it gets interesting. Then that Clinton bought and paid for dossier was then taken by senior Obama administration FBI officials -- not rank-and-file, we love them -- and used in part, and this is what we will learn tomorrow, to obtain a FISA warrant to spy on members of the opposition party, the Trump campaign. In other words, they politicized and weaponized America's powerful tools of intelligence to spy on an opposition campaign during an election year and shredding the Constitution in the process.
How do you people in the media not care about this? And then they used it to spy on an incoming presidential, you know, transition team and then beyond that. How bad is it? We'll talk to Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett and FOX News contributor Sara Carter.
All right, it all starts with Hillary rigs a primary. Gets exonerated without investigation we know she broke laws 18 USC 793.
OK. Then she pays for Russian propaganda to lie to the American people because we know it's full of lies. Then the lying dossier is used to obtain a FISA warrant. That's what we are learning tomorrow. I can't - - how is this not bigger on a scale on steroids in human growth hormone than Watergate?
Illegal, crime.
Here's my question. If Donald Trump paid for a phony Russian dossier, millions of dollars, to lie to the American people in the campaign. And then dossier is used to get a FISA warrant on Hillary, OK, how would the media and America react to that?
He lied about Nunes today.
OK. You know -- you have more information. We're going to actually -- why don't you explain what you were telling me earlier tonight that's coming?
Did they know it was false? Did they know Hillary paid for it?
Did they know that the information was fed to somebody else?
Christopher Steele, so they basically --
-- sourced the same information.
We will learn that tomorrow.
So, the FBI knew that they were telling a court false information, paid for by opposition candidate.
Meaning top echelon, not rank-and-file. We love you guys.
They are on my side. They're writing me every day.
They knew Hillary paid for it, correct?
They knew she paid for it.
Can he do it when it's released and he discovers it for sure?
Why did you give me false propaganda from another campaign?
So, the whole country has been held hostage phony narrative because of a Clinton paid for dossier lie. Is that a fair statement?
Is that a fair statement?
Thank you both. Tomorrow is a big day. We are just getting started.
Tonight, Michelle Malkin and Mike Huckabee are next.
We are being told the classified FISA memo will be released tomorrow. Here with reaction, former Arkansas governor, Fox News contributor Mike Huckabee, and the host of "Michelle Malkin Investigates", CRTV, a big hit show, Michelle Malkin.
I'm so happy about your daughter as we talked about on radio today. Thank God. She is doing so well, going to college. We are proud of her and proud of you.
OK, following this story.
Donald Trump pays for Russian dossier. That dossier is used to obtain a FISA warrant to spy on Hillary.
What would happen?
No, they are one and the same.
But it's never been this bad.
They wanted truth in Watergate to their credit. They wanted -- maybe because it was a Republican. In this case, they want to prevent truth because this is the biggest scandal I think we have seen.
Governor Huckabee, you are also a historian. I know you love history. From a historical perspective, compare this to Watergate. Compare a third rate burglary cover-up into opposition phony propaganda research bought and paid for, then being used as a basis for a FISA warrant against a sitting - - well, then candidate, then a sitting president and what havoc it has reeked on this country for a year.
We are going to learn tomorrow that the FISA warrant in part, the foundational argument in part was the phony Clinton, Russian paid for dossier. I mean, it takes my breath away. If it was Trump paying for phony Russian propaganda for Hillary and then that being used as a FISA warrant in part, what would the reaction to this country be now? It would be so vastly different.
It seems when Comey and Strzok and Page who hate Trump and all the names they have called them, McCabe with their insurance policy, have you ever heard of an exoneration being written months before you investigate and interview the key participants in a crime, potential crime?
Weaponizing intelligence --
-- as a political weapon.
Well said. I cannot say that any better. What to do we do at this point, Governor, because when you -- especially as it relates to Robert Mueller.
Because if you take away all of this, I argue there is no Robert Mueller. There is no Special Counsel. That all of that you can connect to the phony dossier, then to the phony FISA warrant based on lies, paid for lies.
Amen.
We have 20 seconds, Michelle, last word.
It's so good to see you in studio. I'm so happy for you and your family. Thank you for being with us.
And, Governor, thank you. Very profound comments. This country is in a crisis that it doesn't know about. It will know more tomorrow. When we come back, Ed Henry has a report from the White House, Jesse Watters, Jessica Tarlov and much more. Stay with us tomorrow night, also a big night. Hope you will join us.
All right, President Trump making big news drawing two separate speeches he gave to Republicans today. Joining us now from the White House with more, Fox News chief national correspondent, Ed Henry. Is tomorrow release the memo day?
I love Twinkies. All right. Thank God, they saved the company. All right, Ed Henry, thanks for being with us. Joining us now reaction. The co-host of The Five, the host of Watters World, his world we live.
Yes, OK. And Fox News Contributor Jessica Tarlov. Look, to me, there is only one story. Let's imagine for a moment, Donald Trump and his campaign pay $12 million, thereabouts for a dossier filled with Russian lies.
Russian -- Russian propaganda, misinformation, to lie to the American people to influence the campaign but even worse, then that is used in part to get a FISA warrant on Hillary.
How would you feel how would you feel about that, Jessica, the liberal?
Yes, it is.
Did you read the memo?
This is a tag team. Go ahead.
By the way people in the media were saying that I'm advising him on the memo. First of all, you can't advise this president. He is such his own man. You can't tell him not to tweet. He has his own ways.
I'm saying it every night, call your congressman, release the memo. Hello. Go ahead.
Let me tell you something. They used it. I know for a fact and we will learn tomorrow.
Keep going.
We will know tomorrow.
Let's assume for a minute but what I said is true.
Let's assume we do know there were salacious lies. Let's say Donald Trump produce as memo that says Hillary Clinton had hookers in her room in a Ritz Hotel in Moscow urinating on her bed.
Now, if that was in there, and it was not true, and then it ends up being the basis in part for a FISA warrant against her by used by Trump, you would be pretty pissed off and the media would be apoplectic tonight, true or false.
True?
You know it's not true.
But this is what else we are going to learn. We are going to learn that the FBI, I believe knew that the dossier wasn't true and they did it anyway and they allowed it to be used anyway. Let's say that -- let's say first hypothetical, we will be able to do a real live show tomorrow. Let's say that's true.
OK.
If the FBI knew, did they abuse their power by bringing to a FISA court, yes or no?
To a court?
I have got to run.
It's his world. And you live in it, remember that.
OK. We will make -- we will make an exception for next week. Rush Limbaugh sounding off on the FISA memo. That's next straight ahead.
So earlier today, Rush Limbaugh has some very wise, harsh words for those trying to block the release of the FISA abuse memo, watch this.
That's great. By the way, when I do radio, microphone is here. How does he do it from so far away? Maybe that's why he is so number one. I don't know. Former Utah Congressman and Fox News contributor Jason Chaffetz and Judicial Watch President, Tom Fitton.
The irony of Hillary paying the Russians -- paying for Russian propaganda in the end. And then that is used to get a warrant to spy on her opposition candidate in an election year, Tom Fitton, you deal with government corruption all the time. Ever deal with anything this big?
You know, at the end of the day, Congressman Chaffetz, that's it. That there would be no Trump, Russia Collusion without all of these events or the fact that if the FBI knew that this was Hillary Clinton paid for propaganda and Comey, as we understand it, wanted to even hire Christopher Steele and pay Christopher Steele.
We'll learn more about that, too. And did Rod Rosenstein expand the FISA warrant? And if he did, he is the one that appointed Mueller. It seems so corrupt and incestuous to me at this point how do we possibly make this right?
Felony who are committed, Tom Fitton -- we only had 20 seconds. And Comey, Page, Strzok, McCabe and likely, lynch, gave her a pass so she could stay in the race, true or false?
That's very important point. Tomorrow I'm told it was 10 percent of what's coming. That's scary. All right, thank you all for being with us. We will continue to follow the truth and we will also fight for your right to know. Our video of the day, Hannity hotline next.
All right. Democratic California Congresswoman Maxine Waters has had said some pretty crazy things over the last year but last night in her own state of the union rebuttal, she kind of had outdid herself. Take a look.
I don't think she likes the president. Let's remind you of some of the, Congresswoman's, best moments, take a look.
She thinks Russia is out to get her, that was in the news story. "Hannity" hotline time.
Tucker doesn't talk to me. If you have anything to say, shout out at us, 877-225-8587. I can't believe -- I'm taking ten seconds of my show, Laura Ingraham is next. Ten seconds early, you're not even ready, are you?
Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 241  ***************************************************
 All right. Tonight, the vindication continuous. We have a lot of brand-new information to share with you. The truth about the Russian investigation is being exposed as a sham, a Democratic political operation, and it has now turned into a witch hunt.
The entire basis of Robert Mueller's so-called investigation is based and predicated on a lie and a conspiracy theory that was cooked up by the Obama administration, by Democrats, and by your liberal news media as an excuse for why Hillary Clinton lost the election. That was never supposed to happen.
And for over a year, what has it been? Trump. Russia. Trump. Russia. Collusion. Collusion. Collusion.
We have no evidence to date. The only evidence we do have tonight is that Hillary Clinton bought and paid for a salacious phony document filled with Russian lies to try and influence all of you during that election. That's what Mueller should really be looking into. But in instead, his investigation is now morphed into a Democratic political hit job to remove a duly elected president from office and use the powerful tools of intelligence and the FISA courts to do it.
Now, with more damaging information coming out every day, it looks like special counsel Robert Mueller and his partisan hacks, they are trying now to change the narrative with their lame stream media friends with selective leaking today. Every one of them is a nonstory, not worthy of your attention, unless you work for the fake news media.
Now, before we get to tonight's new information, remember this. Comey is a corrupt as they come. He gave those memos to the Columbia professor for the very purpose of leaking to the press so a special counsel would be appointed, hoping that this would all come to pass. And Comey also reportedly coordinated his congressional testimony with Robert Mueller. That sounds like collusion.
And in spite of these facts, the delusional Comey is actually trying to fashion himself as a martyr, as he recently tweeted "Good to read reports of people standing up for what they believed in," then he quotes Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. "The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy."
Wait a minute? He put the fix in so Hillary wouldn't be charged in spite of the evidence he knew existed. This is an embarrassment, a national disgrace, and beyond laughable. He deserved to be fired. We'll explain why in a minute.
And also tonight, we have more evidence of just how fraudulent, unethical, and nefarious Mueller's investigation really is. Now, here are the new texts released today between anti-Trump FBI officials which confirms everything we have been telling you.
On May 19, two days after Robert Mueller appointed the special counsel, Strzok writes to Page: "You and I both know the odds are nothing. If I thought it was likely, I'd be there no question. I hesitate in part because of my gut sense and concern is no big there there," meaning Trump- Russia collusion.
So, you have Strzok, he was a high-ranking intelligence official at the FBI that specialized in Russia, signed the paperwork to start the entire Russian investigation, knowing there is no there there. In other words, it's always been a hoax and this proves it. It was part of an attempt to stop Trump, A, from winning, and then to remove him from office. If it means breaking the law, using the intelligence community, so be it.
We never should have gone down this road and the mainstream media and their hacks in the media, CNN, MSNBC, every broadcast channel, New York Times, Washington Post, they have been giving you nothing but lies and propaganda now for a year. And now, those involved, those responsible for crimes that were committed -- they are now trying to cover it up. They are not going to get away with it.
When all is said and done, this is going to make Watergate look like a kid stealing candy from a store. And as we reported yesterday, five months of key text messages are missing between Strzok and Page. Here's what happened during this critical time frame. This is from December 14, 2016 to May 17, 2017.
Now, in March, President Trump remember he claimed yes, there were wiretapping at Trump Tower. We broke that nearly a year ago right here on this program. Then, BuzzFeed published -- this is during the five missing months -- that Clinton bought and paid for phony Russian lying dossier. That was in January. All of a sudden, the texts stop. And that was used in part and later on to get the FISA warrant to spy on the Trump campaign. Remember that, it was before that.
And later that month, former National Security Adviser Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, he's interviewed by the FBI, and wouldn't luck have it, it was Peter Strzok who actually was the official that oversaw that interview. On May 9, the FBI Director James Comey was fired. And then on May 17, Robert Mueller was named a special counsel.
Now, those are the major events, and how conveniently, it happens that the messages, some 50,000 of them, this is the time period where Strzok and Page's messages are missing. And the FBI is trying to blame it on Samsung who supplied the phones. You got to be kidding me.
It's the FBI that specializes in intelligence and evidence-gathering. They can't find the messages? I don't believe that's possible. And given the inherent anti-Trump bias that we have seen from Strzok and Page -- they hated Trump -- and their involvement in almost everything involving the Russian investigation, well, we must now know what they were talking about during these five critical months. The FBI should find those messages, maybe make a call to Samsung, because if you can't get it, I bet they can.
Now, there's also stunning new revelation tonight about these missing text messages. Congressman Trey Gowdy is saying that there is a message between Strzok and Page about deleting these text conversations. You can't make this up for a novel.
Look at this new information.
Hatred of Trump, bias against Trump, and not keeping the text messages. Well, that sounds like obstruction of justice.
And, by the way, it's not the first time, is it, that we've all seen this happen. Every single solitary time the Obama administration and their officials are backed into a corner and in serious legal trouble, all of a sudden, all the evidence just magically disappears.
For example, this is their modus operandi. Hillary Clinton, 33,000 subpoenaed emails deleted. Just to make extra, extra sure, acid washed, Bleach Bit the whole entire hard drive to make sure the evidence is completely destroyed. And just case it made it to one of our BlackBerrys or mobile devices, she sends an aide out with a hammer. Boom! Let's smash that sucker. And the only phones they gave the FBI? They had no SIM cards. I'm sure it was just an accident, right? Do you believe that? I'll sell you a bridge to nowhere.
And there's also the IRS targeting conservatives. Remember that scandal? The emails from corrupt officials, Lois Lerner, they disappeared for two years. And the IRS claimed at the time they were lost because of a system crash. And we can't forget about Debbie Wasserman Schultz, her I.T. aide, and the reports of smashed hard drives in his garage. Now, predictably, the aide's lawyer denied it happened.
Now, I know this is a lot to take in. Let me slow down here. But there's even more new information tonight we will be giving it to you throughout the hour. According to Congressman John Ratcliffe, Strzok and Page were also talking about -- imagine this -- a secret society meeting the day after President Trump won the election.
Who is in the secret society? Let's see, could it be Page? And Strzok? And McCabe? And Comey? And let's see, Bruce Ohr? Could it be Rod Rosenstein? Who else is in the special secret society? Aren't they supposed to be transparent? Watch this.
As you just heard, Congressman Ratcliffe say there's no concrete evidence yet that the secret society ever met.
But here's what we do know. Strzok and Page and who we think is the deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe, were meeting about, remember, the insurance policy, just in case Hillary lost election. It's like dying if you're 40.
And all of the other evidence points to one simple fundamental basic fact. Top ranking Obama administration officials in the Department of Justice, FBI, not rank-and-file, the top people, protected Hillary Clinton from prosecution. We know that happened. And then they use that phony Russian dossier that Hillary bought and paid for full of Russian salacious lies to go after the Trump campaign to try and influence the election.
After all, it worked and stealing the primary for poor Bernie Sanders. As we have now been saying for months, the fix was in in the Clinton email investigation. Why? Because they wanted Hillary to run and they didn't want Trump to win.
Here's why. Another text message from Peter Strzok and Lisa Page appears to show that they and Obama's Attorney General Loretta Lynch, they all knew that Clinton wouldn't be prosecuted. By the way, before they ever interviewed Clinton or the other main participants in all of this, they didn't do the investigation. Remember in May, James Comey and Peter Strzok, and other top FBI officials, they were drafting the exoneration of Hillary months before they ever interviewed her and several other key witnesses.
How can you actually exonerate somebody before ever talking to them? That's called the fix it being in. That's being rigged. That is corruption 101.
Let's take a look at James Comey denying under oath that he reached his legal conclusion before interviewing Hillary Clinton. Now, remember, we have all the different drafts and his original drafts all pointed to a case of Hillary being guilty as hell. Watch this.
I will call you, can I have your number? I have a lot of questions for you. It sounds to me like Comey lied in that case under oath, because we know, we had the drafts, how he was exonerating Clinton months before her FBI interview.
And tonight, just breaking, Politico is now reporting this hour that Congressman Ratcliffe is saying that he wants to interview Comey again under oath about all these inconsistencies in his previous testimony.
Let's go back to the timeline.
At the end of June of 2016, Bill Clinton decides to meet Loretta Lynch, remember that, on the tarmac for 40 minutes and talking about their grandkids. And then on July 1, Lynch says she's going to step away from the investigation, she will accept whatever the FBI concludes. Remember, she encouraged Comey, it's a matter, it's not an investigation. This is all before Hillary Clinton, three days before she was ever even interviewed, that happened on the Fourth of July weekend.
So, after Lynch's statement that she was taking a backseat, Strzok writes his mistress-girlfriend Page, "Timing looks like hell." Page replies, "Yeah, that is awful timing." And then later adds: "it's a real profile in courage since she knows no charges will be brought." They hadn't interviewed Hillary Clinton.
Four days later, they finally interviewed Hillary Clinton on the third day. Then Comey comes out with what he was already writing in early May in his press conference, giving Hillary Clinton a pass on everything. So, Strzok knew. Page knew. Comey knew. Lynch knew. And I assume McCabe knew as well, nothing was going to happen to Hillary because the fix was in. And if Lisa Page knew, then that probably means she was advising Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe. So, what else are they lying about? Were they aware the FBI was giving Clinton cover?
And if Comey, Lynch, and all the top law enforcement officials knew that this was their agreement to not go after Clinton because they wanted her in the race to defeat Donald Trump because they know better than you who should be president, then it's a pretty darn good chance that someone in the Obama White House also was doing the wink and nod thing, and they knew the fix was in. In other words, the fix was in. It was rigged.
Now, there is another component to this story. We have even more breaking news tonight about the effort by congressional Republicans to release the four-page classified memo That exposes the FISA abuses against the Trump campaign. Byron York reporting nearly 200 members of Congress have now seen this and Fox News is reporting tonight that the memo could be released any day now.
But we are still calling on you, the American people, once again. Call up your member of Congress and demand that the memo be released. Release the memo. Call the number at the bottom of your screen, 202-224-3121. Tell your members of Congress, we deserve to know the truth about what is likely the biggest scandal in American history.
There is so much information. So many players involved in all of this. Let me tie it together.
Hillary Clinton rigged the primary. If you are Bernie Sanders supporter, you should be pissed. Why you're not? I don't know.
Even though there is a incontrovertible evidence she broke the law, James Comey, Andrew McCabe, Peter Strzok, Lisa Page, Loretta Lynch, all put the fix in and allowed her to stay in this presidential race. They ignored the rule of law, the Constitution, and Clinton and the DNC that she controlled spent over $12 million to influence the election with a bought and paid for dossier full of Russian lies and propaganda that was shipped off to compliant media.
The Obama administration weaponized the powerful tools of intelligence that we need to keep our country safe, but in this case, they used it to target members of the Trump campaign.
This, so you understand, is so all much bigger than Watergate. It's about our Constitution, about the rule of law. It has been shredded, all because powerful people at the highest level in the DOJ and the FBI thought they knew better than you as to who should be president.
There needs to be serious ramifications if we are going to save our country in all of this. People must be held accountable, they must be investigated, they must be indicted, and probably many of them thrown in jail.
Ohio Congressman Jim Jordan is with us. Fox News contributor Sara Carter, former Secret Service agent Dan Bongino.
Congressman, am I missing anything here?
Are we going to get the truth, Congressman?
Are we going to get to the one-yard line and it dies? We don't get -- in other words, we don't get --
What's that?
Bring me the cake with a file, because I'll be in jail. Bring me the cake.
Let me go to Sara Carter.
Sara, it's been almost a year since you and John Solomon broke the story about the warrants at Trump Tower, the investigation. Look at where we are today. Your thoughts? Where are we going? I hear this is just the tip of the spear.
Yes, Samantha Power, unmasking 300 people. Great.
What did that power come from?
I'd like to know who. Let's find out who was impersonating the U.N. ambassador and were unmasking Americans.
You know, fundamentally, Dan Bongino, I am really -- this five-month gap, this is so much bigger than 18-1/2 minute gap of tape in the Watergate tapes. Five months, the most critical time period.
With your experience in law enforcement, the Secret Service, the NYPD, are we able to retrieve those forensically? I don't believe they are lost.
If that was a perjury trap, I bet my life on it. And it was illegal the information they had beforehand.
All right. Sara and Congressman, when are we going to get the memo? When do we get it?
Congressman?
Sara, are we going to --
I hear there's a lot more even coming behind that memo. Do both of you glean that from what you heard?
Wow.
Wait a minute, exactly. Bring him back. Did he extend that FISA warrant? Do you know that, Congressman? Did he extend that?
My guess is he did.
He went into Paul Ryan's office begging not to release any of this. That constitutes the memo.
Dan Bongino, last word.
By the way, that's another point in the timeline, Sara, I forgot to mention.
All right. Guys, amazing work, all of you. We really appreciate it.
Release the memo and find the texts.
All right. When we come back, he was on fire last night. Reaction to my opening monologue. We will check in with the chief counsel for the American Center of Law and Justice, President Trump's attorney, Jay Sekulow, straight ahead.
He is the chief counsel for the American Center for Law and Justice, President Trump's attorney, Jay Sekulow.
I think we have a tape of Ratcliffe. I want to show this to everybody.
Because he's asked this question. This is a key moment. We'll go back to this here, and I'll get your response to it.
Then, why did he write an exoneration?
We know Page and Strzok know that he thought there was no there-there. That is fascinating, considering his position and what he did with Russia and that is number one. They knew the fix was in. They talked about an insurance policy with McCabe. Strzok, Page and McCabe, Comey is writing the exoneration before investigation. Now we see Page say it's a profile in courage. She knows there's not going to be anything here. They all knew that there was no shot and hell that there was ever going to be any real investigation into Hillary.
From a week tonight, I want to ask you this and I don't know if you can answer this, that Robert Mueller wants to ask about the firing of Comey and about General Flynn. I'm not a lawyer, I will give you my take. Never in a million years under these conditions with his team of only Democratic donors, and the track record of people like Andrew Weissmann, had whatever let a President talk to this man, ever?
All right. Fair answer. I understand your position. Jay Sekulow, thank you so much for being with us. When we come back, former Mexican President Vicente Fox, a Hannity classic shoot-out is next.
Big news out of our nation's capital tonight involving President Trump's a border wall and negotiations with Democrats. Chuck Schumer went back on his word. Joining us alive, Fox News national correspondent Ed Henry, Ed?
All right. Ed Henry, thank you. Joining is now the brand-new book, "Let Us Move On: Beyond Fear and False Profits," former Mexican President Vicente Fox is with us. Sir, good to see you. How are you? We've had some fights before. When you were president, in the year 2002, you deported, you kicked out of your country 140,000 people that entered Mexico illegally -- from Nicaragua, Guatemala, El Salvador. You threw them out, and you say we do that where are racist and this is unfair and unkind and unjust. You did this very thing you don't want us to do.
So we should kick out the illegals?
Why did you call the wall stupid? Why did you give -- tell Trump to go to hell? You set all these things. Why if the wall is good, why do you say build the wall like Trump said with a door? We could let our friends in, but not the drug dealers.
He is negotiating. I think he is part.
Forget about who pays for it for a minute. A wall that America builds on the southern border. Forget about the payment. If we build a wall, but I think Mexico -- I think we should be best friends. I think America and Canada should be best friends. Mexico, Canada, and the United States should all be best friends. But we need to protect our homeland, and I think you disrespect that.
He never said all Mexicans. He said some. Be fair. He said some. Some are murderers. And that is true.
You want them to become citizens. Here's the thing. You agree and the rule of law. You were a President. If you don't respect American law and you come here illegally, then you do not respect our -- wait a minute. All these people want to come in. What we give it to the people that do it the right way and respect our laws.
Absolutely is. All four of my grandparents came from Ireland, and they came through Ellis Island, they didn't have any money, they were broke, and they came here legally. All we are saying, we will be good neighbors. You have to respect our border. Respect our law.
Why do you call the President stupid? He can go to hell? You put your middle finger up. You say he is an idiot. Why do you say all of that?
He went to Mexico.
Why was it a mistake? He want to talk, he want a solution.
No he should had been, because the American people decided.
40 some odd percent. That is how our system works but how many people voted for you?
You didn't have a majority either.
Let's end this on a good note. You were a lot calmer this time than the last time we had a big fight. I would say, we need borders to protect our country.
And I would say, at the President is right.
Walls.
Let us decide what we are going to do. We will build the wall with a big door, and we can all be friends. But America has the right not to let people enter here illegally.
I don't know, hopefully Mexico and not the United States.
OK. The wall is built with a big door. You would be happy with a wall?
With a door that people come legally.
We should all be friends.
Nice to see you.
God bless you. When we come back, Jesse Watters, Jessica Tarlov. That and more straight ahead.
All right. Joining us now, cohost of "The Five," it's his world, we live in it, Jesse, you got to do it?
And Fox News contributor, Jessica Tarlov, back to our top story. We had this five-month critical gap. The emails evaporate. Hillary Clinton's emails deleted, Bleach Bit and hammered. What's her name? Of Debbie Wassermann Schultz has an I.T. Aide broken hard drive busted up in his garage? Do you see a pattern here Jessica with your side? Doesn't it sound like a cover up to you? Doesn't your intellect tell you it's a cover up?
Ding, ding, ding. Point for Watters.
This is the same FBI. We got to go through this. Lisa Page, Peter Strzok, Andrew McCabe, James Comey. Did you ever -- do you think law enforcement rights exoneration before investigation? Does that sound normal to you?
Does that sound normal to you?
I have a point of agreement. I think you will agree on one point. Hillary bought and paid for Russian lies about Trump. Wait a minute. Forget that part. Used as a basis to get a warrant on an opposition Party in election year. And then use to investigate and surveilled a President-Elect. Is there any civil libertarian in you that says this is really bad?
Fact, nobody cooperated. Glenn Simpson never even tried to cooperate.
Who?
No, wrong.
You said you corroborated to hookers in the (inaudible) paying Donald Trump.
You give up?
Hannity hotline ringing off the hook. Our video of the day.
All right, you are parents with a child who rides a school bus. They got so much trouble on school buses. This video is going to terrify you. Watch this.
All right. Always fair and balanced, never the destroy Trump media.
Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 242  ***************************************************
 Emma Thompson confirmed what we had been saying on this program all week. And that is, the long rumored so-called casting couch, the culture at Hollywood that appears to be alive and well and almost everyone seemed to be in on this open secret about Weinstein. Now, for those of you who may not know about the casting couch, it's rumored to be a practice where auditions were often paired with a sexual quid pro quo.
You want a role, oh, give this person what they want. In other words, well, you may get the role, you may get the job if you sleep with somebody. In Hollywood, it's been an open secret for years. And according to multiple accounts from actresses like Heather Graham, Rosanna Arquette, Harvey Weinstein tried to utilize the so-called casting couch on multiple occasions. But this Hollywood scandal was no secret.
And by the way, that could be one of the most disturbing aspects of this story. Now, even Hollywood liberal Jane Fonda admits that she knew about Weinstein's sexual deviance for at least a year but said nothing. And Fonda now says, she should have been braver. Watch this.
Qow! Moral courage brought to you by Jane. Now, she always seems to be on the wrong side of things. Right?
Now actress Gwyneth Paltrow has also come forward with her own personal knowledge of Harvey Weinstein's casting couch abuse. A video now surfaced from 1998. Watch this very awkward exchange between Paltrow and Late Night host David Letterman regarding Weinstein's tactics. Watch this.
An open secret. They are all talking about it. And speaking of David Letterman, another video of the former "Late Night" host has been unearthed from 2013 where he jokes about Weinstein being a total creep with Jennifer Lawrence. Let's look at this.
And as we showed you last night, there's this video from 2013 of comedian Seth MacFarlane making this joke about Weinstein while announcing Oscar nominations. Watch this.
Now, MacFarlane now says, he made that comment from a place of, quote, "loathing and anger" because a friend told him about an encounter that she had with Harvey Weinstein. And let's not forget this clip from NBC's "30 Rock." Watch this.
Now, the bottom-line is, nothing Harvey Weinstein did is funny. In fact, I wish people would have picked up on these clues and called him out sooner. How many women, imagine, how many women could have been spared if he had been exposed earlier? And that's why we are so outraged over reports that some on the liberal mainstream media, they may have punted, spiked stories about Weinstein's misconduct.
That makes them culpable in some ways, doesn't it? Now Ronan Farrow, he works for NBC News, and he published an explosive report about Weinstein with the New Yorker. Because he says, NBC News, they did not want it. NBC of course are now saying at the time that Ronan came to them, the story was not strong enough to be made public. Now, you can decide for yourself based on what we've learned this week.
But here's the problem, NBC was not the only member of the media to spike the Harvey Weinstein story. According to Sharon Waxman, she is a former New York Times reporter. Well, the skulls back all the way to 2004. A story she was working on about Weinstein. Well, that was eventually killed by the so-called paper of record after being allegedly pressured to do so.
And not surprisingly, a former New York Times editor, he denies this happened. So now, while nearly everyone seemed to know about Weinstein's behavior and abuse, well, he's not the only person in Hollywood who has been accused of these sexual misdeeds.
Tonight, we have a new allegation of sexual abuse against famed Hollywood Director Oliver Stone. Model and actress Carrie Stevens told the Hollywood reporter that Oliver Stone actually groped her at a party in the 1990s. We've reached out to Stone for comment. We did not get a response yet. And yesterday, the director came under heavy fire and scrutiny after he refused to even condemn Harvey Weinstein and instead he said, quote, "Oh, it's not easy what he's going through." He?
And after intense public pressure, Oliver Stone, he had to backtrack and is now claiming that he is appalled by the revelations surrounding Weinstein. And then you have famed Director Quentin Tarantino, this is what he said. "For the last week, I have been stunned and heartbroken about the revelations that have come to light about my friend for 25 years, Harvey Weinstein. I need a few more days to process my pain, emotions, anger, and memories. And then I will speak publicly about it."
Quentin, how much time do you need? Now meanwhile, late night host Jimmy Kimmel, well, he finds a liberal cause to leap over nearly every week now. But he hasn't shed a tear for the victims of Harvey Weinstein or given an emotional monologue about them. And earlier today on ABC, Jimmy Kimmel defended his lack of Weinstein jokes. Really? Watch this.
And so, you know, of course, now what they are doing now is they're trying to drag up any kind -- especially these gun nuts, trying to drag any, like take any comedy but I get out of context, and use it as some kind of proof or saying that I'm calling myself the moral conscience of America which I most certainly never did.
Gun nuts? Not the moral conscience of America? Kimmel reserves his late-night comments for causes that are only politically expedient for him. And by the way, speaking for Mr. Kimmel, last night we played for you part of a very disturbing clip of him when he was a co-host of "The Man Show," asking women, some as young as 18 to feel and touch with both hands and put their mouth on what's in his pants.
Now, before we show you, we must warn you this video is extremely graphic. Take a look. Mr. Kimmel, are you proud of this?
Eighteen? Put your mouth on them? Put both hands on it. Guess what, camel, you're pretty creepy. Yes, okay, you are not the moral compass if you will for America today. I will agree with that. But this goes to a much larger point. Hollywood for years, they've romanticized sex and violence. They had made billions and billions of dollars all for feeding us crap and formulate movies.
And maybe this is a wake-up call not only for Tinsel town but for the whole country. By the way, two years ago when I decided to become the executive producer of a faith-based film that doesn't demean the values of conservatives and Christians, it's called, "Let There Be Light," it will be out in a couple of weeks. This is one of the things that were going through my mind.
This goes much deeper than just Hollywood. Movie executives preying on young female actors and models. What about the modeling industry? What about the music industry? Is this type of behavior? Is it happening there as well? As Emma Thompson said, Harvey Weinstein, is this just the tip of the iceberg? The next video were about to show you is from 2013.
This is Corey Feldman, an actor during an interview, he was on "The View," speaking about the abuse that he suffered growing up as a child actor in Hollywood. Why did not people pay attention? Watch this.
That is beyond disturbing. And it should be brought to life. These are children. These are young adults. Young kids. Now, when it comes to the Harvey Weinstein scandal, we shouldn't be surprised that Hollywood didn't expose them for decades. Remember, Hollywood's obsession-- the absolute obsession with Roman Polanski. You know, the guy charged with raping a 13-year-old girl in the '70s when he was 43-years-old and of course, he gave her champagne and Quaaludes and then raped this poor girl.
Well, guess what, in total, the Hollywood director has been accused of four separate instances of raping a child or a young teen. You want to see something disgusting? Well, in 2003, they have all the Hollywood A-listers in their red carpet, including Meryl Streep giving a rousing applause to the guy that rape 13-year-old girl. Watch this.
They are so happy, up on their feet. A standing ovation about a child rapist? Well, if that doesn't show you how depraved values in Hollywood are, really? You are standing and applauding that guy? Now, but Hollywood's praise Roman Polanski doesn't even in there. Martin Scorsese praised Polanski at the Academy Awards. And actor Christopher Waltz said that he, quote, "loved the director" at the Venice Film Festival.
Martin Scorsese, well, they are not alone in their praise. And that's where we bring this story full circle. In 2009, Harvey Weinstein actually wrote an op-ed defending the child rapist, Polanski. Titled "Harvey Weinstein, Polanski has served his time and must be freed." The subtitle reads, it's a shocking way to treat a man who went through the holocaust and his wife's murder.
In the piece, Weinstein writes this. Quota, "Roman Polanski is a man who cares deeply about his hat." And it's placed in this world. What happened to him on his incredible path is filled with of tragedy and most men would have collapsed." High praise for Roman Polanski, from Harvey Weinstein. In light of what we've now learned this week, how insane is that op-ed by Weinstein?
And finally tonight, the last nugget we want to bring to your attention comes from someone with a lot of experience in covering up scandals. That is Hillary Clinton. She is back in the media. Now, she's comparing President Trump to Harvey Weinstein. Now, this is insanity. Watch this.
Wow. There is hypocrisy. Bill Clinton sexual abuse of women, groping, fondling, kissing, grabbing, dropping his pants? The accusation of rape? Hillary Clinton, try telling all of this to Juanita Broderick or Kathleen Willey or Paula Jones or maybe Monica Lewinsky, although that was consensual with the young intern. Remember, this is the same Hillary Clinton, she took literally millions in dollars in donations from countries that treat women horribly.
So, literally, tens of thousands of dollars for Harvey Weinstein who also hosted a birthday party for Clinton back in 2000. Remember, when she took those millions from these countries that practice Sharia, for her family foundation like Saudi Arabia and Qatar in the UAE and Kuwait and other countries that treat women horribly. Atrocious human rights records. Oppressive laws against women, gays and lesbians are often put to death.
Christians and Jews persecuted and she took tens and tens of millions of dollars. And by the way, Hillary, give the money back. The left is now trying to absolve themselves from guilt after decades of close association with monsters because they had the right political views. We've got to remember, actions speak louder than words. Hollywood, the mainstream media, Hillary Clinton, many other politicians and people on the left, they can all try to lecture us about how to live our lives but in reality, they are throwing stones from an incredibly fragile glass house.
And joining us now, TMZ Founder Harvey Levin. By the way, the series objectified doing very well, Sunday night right here on the Fox News Channel 8:00 p.m. In this week, by the way, he interviews Tyler Perry. Harvey, look. Nobody knows Hollywood better than you. Everybody knew out there, Harvey. It seems everybody knew. Everybody talked about it. People even joked about it. But nobody spoke out about it. What can you tell us?
And you know what? And here is where the great hypocrisy is. And the very same thing happened to a former colleague of ours here at Fox. I know the name. Her name is out there. She's one of the nicest people you'd ever meet. One of the most talented and gifted people. She now works out in Los Angeles. And it happened to her. And similarly, you know what? She had, you know, difficulties because it's so, ugly, creepy, disgusting and traumatic.
But then you have the media's spike in the story, Harvey. You know what, I know people over the years have probably called you and said, Harvey, please don't tell this story it, it's embarrassing. But Harvey Levin is going to tell the story especially if it's ugly and disgusting. Because you are not going to cover up for people. And that's the difference. And the politicians knew as well.
This is real. And listen, I know people that have paid -- false allegations because their lawyers say to them, it is going to cost you $1 million.
Innocent people.
Let me ask you this. It does happen. You know what? And ascertaining the truth sometimes becomes difficult because it's a he said, she said. And you want to be fair. This guy is even admitting he's a creep but the numbers of people we are talking about here is not one instance or two or three, this is off the charts. Thirty plus people now and more coming every day. The only thing I would say that really discussed me more than everything is this Roman Polanski tape I'm playing.
This is a guy in his 40s, who got a 13-year-old girl drunk, gave her Quaaludes, raped her. And then when he gets his Oscar, you watch everybody in Hollywood as I just played, get it up with great passion applauding the child rapist. You know what? I don't care about what Hollywood values are amongst themselves with adults. But I really care that they aren't outraged over the rape of a 13-year-old girl, Harvey.
That is disgusting to me and it was universal.
Yes.
Yes. This behavior -- listen, if things work out the way I think they are going to work out, he might be spending a lot of time in jail and his money won't save him.
Wow!
The show is doing great.
"OBJECTified" every Sunday night right here on the Fox News Channel. Harvey, thanks for being with us. We appreciate it.
Hey, welcome back to "Hannity." Now, following reports that NBC News killed Ronan Farrow's report about disgraced movie mogul, Harvey Weinstein, well the network is now defending the president of NBC News, Noah Oppenheim. Now, claiming he has no ties to Weinstein but the scandal is not only exposing the ramped hypocrisy in Hollywood but also in the liberal mainstream media. Now Mediaite has put out an article entitled, "Weinstein versus Trump," coverage reveals NBC News shifting journalistic standards.
Joining us now with reaction, RNC Spokesperson, Kayleigh McEnany. And from The Hill, Joe Concha. Guys, good to see you both.
Here's the thing that kills me, and Joe, we'll start with you. Everybody in Hollywood knew. This wasn't a secret. Everybody knew in the news media apparently too and everybody in the political world, they also knew. And in that sense, they are all complicit. How many people could have been, could have prevented the trauma from happening, had they had the courage to say, no way, this has to stop?
Journalism is dead, Kayleigh. That's my line. I've been telling people forever. Is this now the final nail in the coffin?
All right, guys, good to see you both on this breaking news Friday night. We appreciate it. We have much more to come tonight. Powerful debate, President Trump makes a huge decision keeping a campaign promise regarding National Security, also, Roger Goodell, folding to the NFL players. Don't miss Sebastian Gorka taking on Daryl Parks. That's next, straight ahead.
All right, that was the president from our exclusive interview earlier this week talking about the disastrous Iran nuclear deal. And of course, that was put in place by the Obama administration. Earlier today, the president -- he did announce he will not recertify that deal and here's what he said.
Finally, standing up to the mullahs in Iran -- the radical mullahs and stopping this insanity of trying to bribe them to be part of the world community. Also, another big story we are watching tonight, NFL spokesman says, when team owners meet next week, the league is he's not going to put players or make them stand for the Anthem. He said quote, what we don't have is a proposal that changes our policy.
We don't have something that mandates anything. That's clear. The reaction to both these stories, we have the author of Defeating Jihad, the Make America Great Again coalition chief strategist and former deputy assistant to the president, Sebastian Gorka and civil rights attorney, Daryl Parks. Good to see you both. Daryl Parks, we are watching what's happening unfold with North Korea. Bill Clinton announces the American people.
There's a good deal for the American people. That's after he tried to bribe Kim Jong-un's father, Kim Jong-il with billions of taxpayer dollars and energy. So bribing dictators didn't work then.
Now Obama ups the ante, he is trying to bribe the mullahs in Iran with a $150 plus billion and finally, this president said, you know what? We're not going to try to bribe you knowing you are not going to keep your side of the deal anyway. Isn't it time America stopped the policy of self-appeasement? Aren't you proud of the president today?
Do you think giving the mullahs in Iran $150 billion is a good idea?
We didn't have to give them a penny.
Why would you give a rogue regime -- let me play on the screen by the way, I got it right now -- Iranians burning American flags, Iranians burning Israeli flags, chanting death to America and death to Israel. Let's put it up on the screen so that our entire audience could see this here. Yes, OK, burning our president's effigy and so on and so forth. Death to America chanted by the crowds, death to Israel. Really, why would we ever give them a penny, Dr. Gorka? Why would we give them one cent?
I agree. And listen, I think it's proven in North Korea the policies of appeasement did not work for Neville chamberlain. There wasn't peace in our time. It didn't work for Obama. It didn't work for Jimmy Carter. It didn't work for Bill Clinton. And this time, standing up to evil in our time is the only answer.
Let me move on to the NFL. We don't have a proposal to change his policy. We don't have something that mandates anything and that is clear. NFL Spokesman Joe Lockhart used to be a Clinton spokesperson -- really? So the NFL is going to continue this. They're going to take a knee. Daryl Parks, what you think the American people are going to say to that if this continues?
The NFL is full of hypocrites. Let's be honest here. If you can't put a sticker on a Dallas Cowboys Helmet after they assassinate police officers, Dr. Gorka, if you can't on the 15th anniversary of 9/11/01, put the date and never again on there.
But you are going to allow these players to take a knee and protest the National Anthem, you know what, the NFL is just a bunch of hypocrites and no wonder they are losing ratings and revenue, and advertisers. Nobody wants to watch this. And yet, they don't have the courage to enforce their own rules.
Daryl, if the Anthem in the flag does not unite us, what will?
If the flag that people died fighting under, if that doesn't bring people together, tell me what will? What will?
That's the problem we need to address. We've got to end it there. Thank you both. When we come back, the president did something today that no other sitting president has done yet. We will check in with Pastor Robert Jeffress, Jerry Falwell Jr., they will explain, straight ahead.
Welcome back to Hannity. So earlier today, President Trump made history. He became the first sitting president to address the Values Voter Summit in Washington, D.C. Here are some of the highlights about what he said to the group of Christian conservatives.
Joining us now with reaction, Fox News contributor and the pastor of the First Baptist Church in Dallas, Dr. Robert Jeffress. Also tonight, is the President of Liberty University, Jerry Falwell Jr. Good to see you both. By the way, Dr. Falwell I've had the honor of speaking at liberty. And I am going to be speaking at Dr. Jeffress church, which is a very dangerous thing for him to do. You may want to warn him about that.
Good point.
All we appreciate it. You know, it's very interesting because I know both of you took a lot of heat for supporting this president because he doesn't come from a typical evangelical background. It was controversial in some ways. But yet, it seems more and more that the issues of faith matter to this president. Dr. Jeffress.
It's so true. I mean, Dr. Falwell, he is doing everything he can even this week when he pulled off on health care. It's a miracle because now you can form an association, a group where you can buy plans across the stateliness which corporations have been able to do that have different offices and different cities.
So now individuals can do that. They can form their own associations and do it like all the restaurant workers, all the radio workers, all the teachers, all the sanitation workers, which is great. That means competition buying across state lines but he had to do it on his own because Congress couldn't get it done. I'm not so sure that they are going to do this tax plan in the Senate. I have no faith in McConnell or McCain, or Susan Collins or Lisa Murkowski, none whatsoever.
Good to see you both. Thank you for being with us. More Hannity right after this.
Welcome back to Hannity. So this year, I was proud to be the executive producer of a brand new award-winning movie, it's called Let There Be Light. It's going to be in theaters by the way coming up in just a couple of weeks, October 27th. Now I have always felt Hollywood -- I never liked their values.
That's all the time we have left this evening. I think you are going to enjoy the movie. Write it down, October 27th. And we are putting it up on my web site, Hannity.com where you can see the movie and you can get your tickets early. All right, thank you for being with us, we hope you have a great weekend. We will see you back here on Monday night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 243  ***************************************************
 All right, Benjamin in Turkey tonight, thank you, sir. And as tensions mount between the U.S. and Russia, the secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, is now scheduled to arrive in Moscow tomorrow.
Joining us now with more on Secretary Tillerson's trip is Rich Edson. He is in Moscow tonight -- Rich.
All right, Rich Edson in Moscow tonight, thank you.
And yesterday, amid escalating tensions surrounding North Korea, a U.S. Navy carrier strike group has been sent to that region. Now, with more on that is our own Jennifer Griffin -- Jennifer.
All right, pretty scary. A lot going on in the world. Jennifer, thank you, as always.
And joining us now with reaction, author of the best-selling book, "Treason," former speaker of the House, FOX News contributor Newt Gingrich.
All right, Mr. Speaker, so how does Donald Trump now respond to the saber- rattling, Rouhani saying this is their red line in Iran and Russia now actually going as far as to say that -- and warning President Trump if he hits Syria again, that this -- where -- we are one step away from war. What should the response be from the Trump administration?
All right, let me move then to a more unstable leader in the case of North Korea. And I mean, really unstable, as we've reported in the past. But that instability means he's unpredictable in some sense. So with America now showing some use of force, China now showing some involvement in the region, what do you suspect is going on there? And will the leader of North Korea, Kim Jong-un -- is he going to do anything that we need to respond to?
Well, the world is an evil place and we have evil dictators. But it seems to be a Damascus, a Tehran problem, a Moscow problem. And then separate and apart, we have North Korea.
All right, we had been assured by John Kerry, then secretary of state -- we had assurances from the president, assurances from Susan Rice that there were no more chemical weapons, and that Barack Obama's red line in the sand made them get rid of all of them. Didn't happen. Here's what they said.
No, they never got rid of the chemical weapons. And he never did anything about his red line. And Russia was supposed to be a part of that, correct, Mr. Speaker? And what if they're as wrong about Iran and the Iranian nuclear deal?
All right, stay there, Mr. Speaker. We'll have more with Newt Gingrich right after this break.
And coming up today, Judge Neil Gorsuch was officially sworn in as an associate justice of the United States Supreme Court, another promise kept by President Trump. Newt Gingrich will respond to that.
And also tonight...
Four Pinocchios for Susan Rice. She also lied about Bowe Bergdahl. She also lied about Benghazi. And she lied about knowing nothing as it relates to surveillance and unmasking. We'll get reaction to that from Colonel Oliver North on this busy news night.
And welcome back to "Hannity." So despite unrelenting criticism and attacks from the alt-radical left and their allies in the destroy Trump media and despite the nonstop spreading of fake, bizarre news conspiracy theories, despite unprecedented Democratic obstruction and infighting from congressional Republicans, President Donald Trump is on track, is keeping promises that he made to you, the American people.
That's something they're not telling you, but that's tonight's "Opening Monologue."
All right, so lost in the left's extreme and ruthless opposition to President Trump is the fact that he's been very busy keeping his promises and checking off items on his agenda one by one. Today was no different from what we've been seeing with the president fulfilling yet another major campaign vow and overseeing Judge Neil Gorsuch's appoint men to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Now, here's the president and what he said earlier today during a ceremony in the Rose Garden. Take a look.
President Trump kept his word, he put an originalist on the U.S. Supreme Court to replace Justice Antonin Scalia. Now, what the mainstream media will not tell you and what Trump's will never admit, that this is just one of the presidents many accomplishments.
Let's take a look at the list. Now, the president is busy brining back jobs, making phone calls to companies day and night. He's gutting Obama-era regulations, and the president has said he could eliminate up to 75 percent of government rules and regulations. Bye-bye!
Now, the president has also ended the war on coal by repealing red tape from the Obama administration.
He's reduced illegal immigration, border crossing has plummeted since he became president and took the oath of office.
Now, the White House is fighting back against sanctuary cities. The president is taking a tough stance against places that shield illegal immigrants.
He's drafted a plan to defeat ISIS.
The president has also imposed a five-year lobbying ban to drain the swamp.
The Trump administration sanctioned Iran over the missile program and put the rogue regime on notice.
He's responded to Syria's use of chemical weapons by approving a Tomahawk missile strike.
President Trump created a task force to reduce crimes. He signed executive orders to protect police officers. He signed executive orders to target drug cartels.
Now, while the president is enacting his agenda every single day, now, there's still plenty of work do and things to be done, but we'll put those things on the side of the screen.
Failing to repeal and replace ObamaCare, that was a big misstep. Republicans need to learn from their mistake here. Now, we've said repeatedly on this program the GOP leadership in Congress should have built consensus, they should've passed around the bill before they introduced it. And there is good news, though. The health care bill is not dead. Republicans are moving ahead on a massive tax reform plan.
But it is so critically important that they get all sides involved from the beginning behind closed doors, come up with plans to get bills that will pass. Now, the Republican leadership needs to come together, pass the president's budget so we can reduce spending, shrink government, rebuild the military, and get all of these things done so Americans get back to work.
And there's the issue of the alt-left propaganda destroy Trump media, breathlessly, daily reporting on infighting in the White House and their staff. Now, who knows whether or not the press has blown that out of proportion like everything they cover, but the reality is, to me, it's irrelevant. Whoever President Trump wants to have around him, he's going to have around him. Their job, if you work for the president, is to put his agenda in place, serve him, serve the country, do your job.
But the bottom line is this. There are many people and factions that want to see this president fail. Now, he's right on the right track at this time, and all he has to do to succeed to be popular and to win over votes in the coming elections is to keep his promises to you, the American people. And the people that will help him do that are the ones that should be around him.
Joining us now with reaction, former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich. To me, it's simple. Keep your promises. He has a pretty long list in a fairly short period of time that he's checked off. I am disappointed that after eight years of saying "repeal and replace," they didn't have a bill ready that had consensus. I think they'll get it done, but they made it harder than they should have.
I agree.
It's huge.
What do you make of the palace intrigue?
You know, that you've got a group of some people that are more liberal from New York, then you got the more conservative members that are surrounding the president, that there's a lot of infighting and battling for turf and territory, who ultimately impacts the president because my experience, having been around him and interviewing him a lot, is that he's not exactly somebody that is convinced easily that he's wrong. And I got to -- and so far, everything he's done has been part of his agenda and promise from the get-go.
By the way I...
How many people...
How many people tried to tell the president or candidate Trump not to tweet? He didn't listen to liberals around him, conservatives around him, family around him, he made up his own mind. That's the guy that I know.
By the way, in retrospect, I like that he tweets. In retrospect, I think it's good for him to tweet.
So I think I was wrong.
OK.
Good point.
Yes.
We...
I think that's well said. All right, Mr. Speaker, always good to see you. Thanks for being with us.
And coming up, The Washington Post gives former Obama national security adviser Susan Rice four Pinocchios for the massive lie that Syria got rid of its chemical weapons. We'll get reaction from Colonel Oliver North.
And then later, despite allies praising President Trump's decision to launch air strikes in Syria, some on the left are peddling the most bizarre conspiracy theories that you've ever heard. We'll check in with Geraldo Rivera, Mercedes Schlapp straight ahead.
That was former Obama national security advisor Susan Rice claiming that Syria had gotten rid of all their chemical weapons way back in January because Obama drew that red line in the sand. Today, The Washington Post gave Rice four Pinocchios over that claim, and yesterday former deputy secretary of state Anthony J. Blinken who served with Rice in the Obama administration contradicted his former colleague, telling "The New York Times," quote, "We always knew we had not gotten rid of everything, that the Syrians had not been fully forthcoming in the declaration." Well, then why did Obama and Rice and John Kerry say so?
Here with reaction, the host of "War Stories," our friend, Lieutenant Colonel Oliver North. Colonel, OK, she liked about Bowe Bergdahl being, quote, "serving with honor and distinction." She lied on five Sunday shows about Benghazi. This was not preplanned or premeditated. It was spontaneous. They just happened to have mortars in their back pocket and RPGs in their back pocket, and then she lied about surveillance and unmasking. She lies with regularity, and she lied here. Now they are wrong. What if they wrong on Iran the same way?
I played it earlier.
Well said. I can't even add to that. They just lie with regularity and they lied about chemical weapons in Syria. Colonel, good to see you. Safe home.
And semper fi.
Coming up, the left does its best to try and spin the Syrian air strikes by pushing the most insane, bizarre conspiracy theories. We will play them for you. We will get reactions from Geraldo Rivera, Mercedes Schlapp.
Also ISIS claiming responsibility for two horrific church suicide bombings killing dozens of Christians in Egypt. David Limbaugh in studio with reaction. And this video has gone viral. A passenger on a United Airlines flight, a doctor was forcibly removed from his seat because the plane is overbooked. Can't they figure out a better way to handle it than this?
Welcome back to "Hannity." So while America's allies are praising President Trump's decision to carry out air strikes on a Syrian air base, some on the alt-left, radical, destroy-Trump media are spinning this story way out of control, beyond conspiracy, beyond "The Twilight Zone," off the charts nuts. Watch this.
Talk about conspiracy theories. Joining us now with reaction, Fox News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera, Fox News contributor Mercedes Schlapp. He actually goes on and argues that it's conceivable, Geraldo, that Putin could've told Bashar al-Assad to carry out a small chemical attack, just big enough to get media attention, so that my friend in the White House will see it on TV and then Trump could fire missiles that will do no real damage to ensure the U.S. media will change the subject from Russian influence. Eight months, Geraldo, not a shred of evidence.
Mercedes, I don't even know what to say anymore. There is not a shred of evidence and for them to say I'm, well, maybe Putin orchestrated just a little attack, so it would get Trump's attention and then we can get him off the Russian conspiracy that they have been talking about for eight months with zero evidence. This is NBC. This is supposed to be a news organization.
They just want him to fail.
All right, guys, good to see you both. And conspiracy theories continue on NBC and pretty much every other news outlet.
When we come back, ISIS targeting Egyptian Christians on Palm Sunday. Two suicide bombers killed dozens of people. David Limbaugh with reaction.
And later tonight --
This video has gone viral. A man dragged off of a United's Airlines flight, and it all had to do with the plane being overbooked. Maybe they could have handled that a little differently. We'll explain.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So over the weekend, two Coptic Christian churches in Egypt were brutally attacked by suicide bombers. ISIS is claiming responsibility for these horrific acts of evil terror. Dozens were killed and more than 100 injured after the coordinated attacks targeted Palm Sunday services at Christian churches in two different cities.
Joining us now, the author of this brand-new book, "The True Jesus, Uncovering the Divinity of Christ in the Gospels," David Limbaugh. By the way, he's done legal work for me in the past. Here's what I want to ask you. So this has now become a big passion. We see Christian genocide around the world. Why?
It's convert or die.
All right, so I'm looking at your book, and by the way, this is now your third book. Most people know you for your political commentary and your columns that you've written all these years. This is your third book on the divinity, on Christianity. But you always try to make it so the average person can understand it. This is a passion of yours.
Yes, absolutely. You do this for basically guys like me that are not as studied as you are.
What's the difference between the pop culture and the real Jesus in the Bible?
Which were the religious leaders of the time, and the Sadducees.
He severed himself in the garden of --
So when you reconcile that, that we are all flawed, that there is human evil.
Why people, when they get saved, why do they keep doing the wrong thing?
Do you believe writing as much about politics as you do and writing all these books on religion, I know you devote literally years of your life now studying and writing.
Do you believe that they are interconnected? In other words, you have the Book of Revelation.
Real quick.
You go through them all.
And put it together.
"The True Jesus," and thank you, David Limbaugh. Another great book, another "New York Times" bestseller.
When we come back, it's the video everyone is talking about. A man dragged off a United Airlines flight because the plane was overbooked. They couldn't have done the better than this? Straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So outrage is brewing after a man was forcibly removed from a United Airlines flight traveling from Chicago to Louisville last night. The reason, the plane was overbooked and the passenger was chosen allegedly at random to be bumped do another flight. Here is what happened after they told him that he needed to get off the plane that he had a ticket for.
The guy is a doctor. And according to other passengers, the man being taken off the plane said he was a doctor. He had patients he needed to see. United Airline CEO said a review of the incident will be conducted and it was, quote, "upsetting." Can I just offer a suggestion, maybe next time you offer four plane tickets and if nobody takes the offer, offer six. And then offer free hotel rooms, and then offer eight and then eventually someone is going to say deal and they will get off the plane. Good grief.
That brings us to tonight's "Question of the Day," which is very simple. Do you think they should have done this to the poor guy? No, it was stupid. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think. By the way, it's going to cost them a lot more than eight seats by the time this is all said and done. It is so stupid. It's sort of like government. Everything they do is dumb.
Thanks for being with us. We will see you back here tomorrow night.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 244  ***************************************************
 All right. We start tonight with breaking news. There is a second memo exposing deep state corruption. Now, Senators Chuck Grassley and Lindsey Graham have released a heavily redacted yet very revealing copy of their criminal referral against Christopher Steele. Now, these revelations are beyond stunning and continue to prove the Clinton campaign and the Obama administration were working together to target the Trump campaign.
Here are the findings from this new memo. This was just released today, not the old memo on Friday. We've got to keep up here.
Now, Senators Grassley and Graham write this, that while working on a second dossier, Steele was being fed information from the Obama State Department and from Clinton allies. The memo then reads and goes on: "One memorandum by Mr. Steele that was not published by BuzzFeed is dated October 19, 2016. The report alleges (redacted) as well as (redacted), Mr. Steele's memorandum states that his company received this report from (redacted), U.S. State Department, and that the report was the second in the series, and that the report was information that came from a foreign sub source who is in touch with a contact of (redacted), a friend of the Clintons who passed it to (redacted), and it's troubling enough that the Clinton campaign funded Mr. Steele's work, but that these Clinton associates were contemporaneously feeding Mr. Steele's allegations. It raises huge additional concerns about his credibility."
Now, let me slow down here. In addition to Hillary Clinton buying and paying a bought and paid for 12 plus million dollar phony, fake news Russian propaganda dossier to influence the election. If that's not bad enough, you have now Clinton associates and the Obama State Department funneling allegations for a second dossier to Christopher Steele. Now, watch the second part in terms of the new memo that came out today.
Now, "On the face, the dossier, it appears that Mr. Steele gathered much of his information" -- let's do this really slow -- "from Russian government sources of inside of Russia," and according to the law firm, Perkins Coie, "Mr. Steele's dossiers were funded through Fusion GPS by that law firm on behalf of the Democratic National Committee and the Clinton campaign."
So, the senators are saying that Steele was using Russian sources to help them smear then candidate and later on incoming President Donald Trump. And the second memo is also accusing Christopher Steele of lying either to the FBI or to the British courts. They write, quote: "There is substantial evidence suggesting that Mr. Steele materially misled the FBI about a key aspect of his dossier efforts, one which bears on his credibility" -- as if we didn't know.
Now, this new memo out tonight also details how Christopher Steele was briefing several mainstream media outlets, fake news outlets, in the summer and the fall of 2016 about his first fake news dossier.
Now, according to the British court record, Steele briefed, oh, The New York Times, The Washington Post, Yahoo News, The New Yorker, and, of course, the shh-hole network, fake news CNN at the end of September 2016 about the dossier that we know was full of lies. So, Steele was feeding the destroy Trump media lies directly from Russia.
And we also know from Fusion GPS co-founder Glenn Simpson and his congressional testimony, that the Clinton campaign and the DNC were aware that his company was contacting media outlets about the dossier. They are all working together.
So, let me repeat. Tonight, we now have two memos, one from Friday and one from tonight and now news of a second -- we'll call it a dossier. Now, as we told you on Friday, this new information, it's only 15 percent. It's only the tip of the iceberg.
Now, according to reports, the House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, well he could release more reports, as many as four, we'll ask him tonight. He will join us exclusively on this program responding to the new memo that is out.
And Senator Chuck Grassley, and Senator Graham, they are trying to get more of what's in their memo declassified. They are asking the FBI for an emergency review of the criminal referral.
And also, brand-new tonight on "Hannity" the House Intelligence Committee did vote to release the Democrats' counter-memo to the public. And sources have been telling us tonight that Congressman Adam Schiff, the Democratic ranking member in the House Intelligence Committee, he is outright lying to the American people about what is in the Democrat's counter to the Nunes memo.
It gets confusing but it makes sense. Now, Schiff also appears to be leaking classified information. Let's watch this.
Hey, Adam, did you tell the court, was the court old that this was bought and paid for by Clintons and the DNC? That's why Schiff is so wrong on so many different levels.
Now, sources are telling us tonight that contrary to what ever fiction Schiff is peddling, the FISA court was lied to. They were never told when the FBI was getting and renewing this warrant to spy on former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page. Those same sources are telling us tonight that Schiff's claim about the court being informed that dossier was politically tainted, it is a minor footnote. It never mentions that Hillary and her campaign and the DNC paid for it. Oh, a pretty important omission, don't you think?
And we can also report tonight, according to our sources, who have seen this Democratic memo, that nothing in the memo actually refutes any of the facts that were presented in the House GOP intel memo, which, by the way, we told you on Friday. And the FBI said there's nothing factually inaccurate about it.
So, here's what the left and your corrupt media won't tell you tonight: the FISA judge was never told, never, that Hillary Clinton was paying for the phony Russian dossier Russian intelligence lies about Donald Trump. First, trying to influence an election, then using it to get a warrant to spy on an opposition candidate. The Democratic memo has not been declassified yet, and Schiff's going around telling anybody who will listen what's in it. In other words, he's leaking classified information.
Now, President Trump is blasting, rightly so, Schiff, on Twitter, writing earlier today: "Little Adam Schiff who is desperate to run for higher office is one of the biggest liars and leakers in Washington, right up there with Comey, and Warner, and Brennan, and Clapper. And Adam leaves closed committee hearings to illegally leak confidential information. This should and must be stopped."
Whoa, whoa, so, wait a minute. So, friends of Hillary Clinton are giving Christopher Steele information. Walk it from there.
And then that information is used to create a phony dossier confirmed by Clinton friends and then that's used for a FISA warrant, and the FISA judge isn't told that Clinton paid for it?
Whoa, whoa, I thought it was bad for foreign agents to influence our elections, Sara. I heard that somewhere -- I heard on fake news CNN.
Let me go through all this new news. This is a lot to download here.
All right. So, I have it in front of me. I have the Grassley, the new memo out to tonight. It actually says here, Gregg, Mr. Steele gathered much of his information from Russian government sources inside of Russia. Then it goes on to say that the FBI director testified before the Senate Select Committee June 2017. He told the incoming president, president- elect, that it was salacious and unverified.
But months before, didn't he use that dossier in part, wasn't it used by Comey?
But that's the point, they knew it was false. They knew it and they purposely misled the judge, didn't they?
So, if Hillary's people -- and we know who they are. Sara, you know who they are. And I know who they are. Are you going to mention them tonight?
Sidney is back. Shocking.
All right. Real quickly, let me go back to the law here. So, we have two memos, two dossiers, if you will. The first dossier was 16 separate memos. So, we have the second effort by Steele. Steele also leaking all of this crap with coordination to media outlets in this, Gregg.
And lying to the FBI. So, you have Clintons feeding the dossier, the phony dossier, also fake Russian information. And then that that is used as a means to spy on an incoming -- to stop a president from getting elected and an incoming campaign.
Hey, Gregg, Chuck Schumer said it. They will get you six ways in Sunday. And then the guy on CNN making another threat. We'll get to that later. Thank you both.
We are way behind. Devin Nunes is going to join us, and the great one, Mark Levin. But Devin Nunes first, straight ahead.
All right. That was Michael Isikoff late last week revealing his shock that than Yahoo News report was used as evidence to justify a FISA warrant against Carter Page. Tonight, the House Intelligence Committee as we mentioned earlier, voted to release the Democrats memo, it now goes to the president.
Here with a reaction to all of this, the man himself, he's the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Congressman Devin Nunes.
You got a great -- well, vote of support from the president, and, frankly, from me, and anybody that believes in government transparency. In the lead up to your memo, oh, of sources and methods, and this is dangerous and unprecedented. There was nothing given here that would hurt our intelligence in any way, correct, sir?
At the beginning of the memo, you actually go through, this raises concerns to the legitimacy and the legality of certain DOJ/FBI interactions with the FISA court, and represent a troubling breakdown of the legal process that was established to protect the American people. So, this is what is serious about it.
Now, in your memo, you went through great detail to say that in the FISA application and subsequent renewals, four times, they never informed the FISA court that, in fact, this money really came from the Clinton campaign and the DNC. In others --
OK. This is really important here, because if they knew -- we know it was not verified. As a matter of fact, you even put in your memo that the FBI themselves, they said they were only in the initial stages of verification. So they would present something that was unverified that we know was paid for by one political party to create a warrant against another party during an election and a president-elect.
And, ultimately, Steele, unverified. If we look at the memo that came out of Chuck Grassley's committee earlier today, it actually goes on to say that Steele gathered much of his information from Russian government sources inside of Russia. So, if I put the two memos together, the new one tonight, yours from Friday, Hillary paid for Russian propaganda, turned out to be lies, not unverified, then used for a FISA warrant, and I'm like, not only was it paid for to manipulate and lie to the American people, but then to spy on an opposition party candidate.
Sir, are there crimes committed here?
And this guy, Christopher Steele, is a guy who has a desperate -- was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about him not being the President. So he has his own political motivation in all of this.
Well, I mean... I know the Democrats are putting it out. My sources are telling me tonight that they don't even question this in the Democratic side, that all they are saying is, well, on the FISA application, there might have been a footnote to say that there is some political painting, and that is it? They told nothing about Christopher Steele, nothing about being paid for by Clinton, none of this came out to the court? Is in that deliberately deceiving the court, Congressman?
I'm sorry. So I --
It is sort of like, saying well, you never saw the underlying documents, but only one Republican was allowed to see it. You sent a lawyer Trey Gowdy that is where the information came from. I'm very interested. At the heart of this, you have Nellie Ohr, Bruce Ohr's wife, she is being paid by the Clinton campaign because she is working for fusion GPS that is building the dossier against Donald Trump, but I want to ask you this. Deputy Director McCabe, he is testifying before the committee in December 2017, there would be no warrant without the dossier. Now, my sources have told me that he was asked the question numerous times in varying ways and Democrats have questioned the authenticity of that, our correctness of that. I was told his answer is even worse.
Let me ask you this --
When you say there's about four more memos coming, a lot is coming, sir?
When we come back, we will have more with Congressman Devin Nunes right after the break. Later, the great one Mark Levin ways and all of this. That is straight ahead.
All right. As we continue with Congressman Devin Nunes, he is the chairman of the House Intel Committee. Let me ask you this. I am looking again at the memo that was sent out by Chuck Grassley today, in other words the second memo here. Again, I want to reiterate for our audience, it literally says, Steele gathered his information from Russian government sources inside of Russia. It goes on to say, Mr. Steele in litigation it appears he either lied to the FBI or to the British courts or the classified documents reviewed by the committee containing materially false statements. Then it says this, the timeline here is important about James Comey. It says former FBI Director in June of 2017 James Comey publicly before the senate select committee on intelligence had said he briefed President-Elect Trump, this is at Trump tower. And he told him, describe the dossier salacious and unverified. That is long after Comey signed off on that information being used as a foundation to get the FISA warrant. He either handed to the court something he believed was unverified and salacious. Or he gave the credibility when they got the initial FSIA warrant. Which is it? Do you see a conflict there like I do?
Let me ask. You said that you believe your colleagues at the other side of the aisle have leaked intelligence at least 100 times? Is that true?
Let's talk a little bit about Sara Carter's article tonight, because I think it is very interesting. She has two of them. As you look at this new memo that came out tonight, the criminal referral confirms that allies of the Clinton and Obama administration were providing Steele with what they deem damaging information on then candidate-elect Trump and that is what we get into for example Sidney Blumenthal and some other Clinton associates. Let me see if I'm understanding this correctly. Is it possible, sir that Clinton associates where feeding information to Christopher Steele.
Can they redo the un-redacted part?
I haven't been wrong yet, Congressman, in all of this this. How is it possible -- and this is my final question. Look, I can keep you on the air for the full hour. How is it possible that this is happening in the United States of America? That all of this combined, that you have Russian information from apparently a known liar who has Russian paid sources, then it's paid for by one campaign, that is bad enough. That takes it up to another notch. So you have Russian lies, propaganda paid for by one candidate. Then that paid propaganda is used for a FISA court. The top people at the FBI and DOJ don't inform the court about the underlying dossier being bought and paid for by that other candidate for the very person they are trying to get a FISA memo on.
All right. Chairman Nunes, I believe you've done a great service. I believe it is the right thing to do. The American people need to know about all of this, because fundamentally we had an effort to undermine our election and undermine the incoming president. Is that a fair statement? Last question?
Unbelievable. All right sir thank you so much, we appreciate it.
We get full reaction, analysis to break when Mark Levin as "Hannity" continues.
All right. Joining us now, he is the host of the upcoming Fox News show "Life, Liberty, and Levin"," national syndicated radio talk show host, also a host on CR TV, I called him the great one. Thank me, God bless us. I don't want to waste a lot of time. We now have two dossiers, we now have two memos from Grassley's committee tonight. This one talks about said Blumenthal and other Clintonites, literally feeding Steele, more phony information, and rationalizing this phony Russian paid for dossier that is number one, used first to manipulate, lie to the American people. Then used as a basis in part for a FISA warrant against a candidate and an incoming President to undermine his presidency. Great one. I couldn't write a novel this bad.
Let me jump in just a second. If we were really to get the FISA application, getting rid of sources and methods, if we were able to make public Barack Obama's Presidential daily briefing, you are betting, and I agree with you, tonight, it would clearly show that he knew all of this was happening.
The biggest scandal in the history of this country. You are a historian.
All right. By the way, the great one will be on the show every other week, he promised and the great one 'show starts in February, more "Hannity" after this.
There's so much more to get in to. We are only beginning to touch the surface. Tomorrow night we are going to do something special in this program. We are literally going to lay out for you all of the questions that need to be answered and by who and this is just breaking literally by the minute. Now we have two memos and two dossiers. That is all the time we have left, we will always be fair and balance, never be the destroy Trump media. Set your DVR, never miss an episode. Let not your heart be troubled. Laura Ingraham, hello.
Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 245  ***************************************************
 Then there's a real Russia collision story, the uranium one deal which I predict will be the biggest news to come out in the next year or two where the secretary of state, remember? She approved handing over up to 20 percent of America's uranium, the foundational material of nuclear weapons to Vladimir Putin and the Russians. All while people involved in the deal in Canada, they kicked back over $145 million to the Clinton Foundation. Bill Clinton doubled his speaking fees in Moscow.
Tonight, with this new evidence where we have discovered is the evidence against the Clintons is overwhelming, it is incontrovertible. Hillary Clinton and her husband sold out America to the Russians while millions of dollars flowed to their family foundation. And in the process, Clinton helped create a massive national security risk for every man, woman, and child, giving Vladimir Putin control over American uranium, that material, as I said, you use it to make nuclear warheads.
Now, if the liberal ideological mainstream media and the Democrats in this country that have been screaming, "Russia, Russia, Russia," for all these months, if they want real Russia collusion, we've got it for them. The evidence is right here. It doesn't even need to be investigated, just corroborated.
So, it's time tonight -- and I'm calling on Congress. I'm calling on Robert Mueller, the special counsel. Stop wasting our time and our money trying to find evidence of Trump-Russia collusion. You've been on this for a year. So far you have not presented one shred of evidence except now you can actually follow facts and evidence that we do have on the record.
I'm also calling out the Attorney General Jeff Sessions tonight. He recused himself from the Russia probe. He needs to now do the same. The evidence now shows that Hillary Clinton, the Obama administration put this country in danger handing Russia America's uranium. even though, as The Hill reported, there was crimes, bribery and worse and blackmail being committed.
And where was the liberal mainstream media during all of this? The media that is been running wild with all kinds of conspiracy theories about President Trump and Russia for months and months with no evidence? Well, here are some of the more unhinged examples of the left. Listen to their language. It applies to them tonight. It applies to the Clintons tonight. It applies to Obama tonight. Watch this.
The media has been breathless and hysterical over the Russia coverage. Yet have you heard any of them even mentioned Hillary Clinton colluding with Vladimir Putin on Uranium One? Has the media that is supposed to be trusted ever reported on the millions of dollars that were poured into the Clinton Foundation as a result of this deal? Will the press even now bother to look at John Solomon and Sara Carter's reporting and do their own digging?
And while we're at it, did anyone in the media aside from this show, did they ever asked Julian Assange about who gave him -- he's the one that has the information -- who gave him Hillary Clinton the DNC's emails? We actually asked him and Julian Assange told us repeatedly, five times that I interviewed him, it was not the Russians.
There is also the fake news Christopher Steele dossier that was funded in part by the Democratic donors. Guess what? That dossier relied heavily on Russian sources, a false smear to then candidate Donald Trump. Now, some in the media and some Democrats even repeated these boldest claims. Remember, the Ritz, hookers urinating on the bed, they paid for those lies.
By the way, is that not spreading Russia propaganda? Is that not fake news? Is that not trying -- Russia trying to influence America's election with fake news? Catherine Herridge is reporting tonight that two members of the firm behind that fake news dossier have been subpoenaed to appear before Congress as it turns out tomorrow. Now the lawyer for Fusion GPS is saying tonight, his client has been advised to plead the fifth if they are forced to show up.
You know what? If members of Fusion GPS, if they don't want to appear before Congress, they're refusing to talk, let's hold them in contempt of Congress, maybe they will go to jail. Let's see.
But back to the media. They continue in this country to be exposed as a bunch of rigid, radical left wing ideologues. They do not care about the truth, and as I've been saying for years, journalism in America is dead. It's buried. We have an informational crisis in this country, and that's why you, the American people, no longer trust the press, nor should you.
Look at this PBS-Marist Poll from over the summer. A combined 68 percent said they have not had very much or no trust at all in the media. And for good reason. The media is completely abusively biased in this country. They are a bunch of overpaid, rigid, left-wing radical ideologues and they no longer care about truth.
For example, the network evening newscasts tonight, even though these massive new stories are out about Hillary Clinton, the Obama administration, colluding with the Russians, giving them uranium, kickbacks to the Clinton Foundation. They did not even report on it because it does not fit their narrative, their talking points.
There's also the fact that those stories are proof positive that Russia collusion hysteria is now starting to boomerang back on the Democrats. It's something by the way I predicted would happen back in June. Take a look.
I've been saying that this is all going to boomerang back. No evidence by anybody of any Russia collusion. Eleven months of media lying and conspiracy theories. But it did open up the doors that OK, now we've got a look at Loretta, now we've got to look at Hillary. And I would argue Hillary is going to be right behind Loretta Lynch in terms of investigation issues.
What I said back in June is exactly what's happening now and it's only going to get worse for Hillary Clinton, Bill Clinton, the Democrats, the media and all in the left.
Also tonight, the FBI, they released proof that the former Director of the FBI James Comey had been drafting a letter to exonerate Hillary Clinton and her email server scandal months before interviewing key witnesses including the former secretary of state herself. Does this not prove what I've been saying?
We don't have equal justice under the law. We have a two-tiered justice system in this country. One for the Clintons and one for the rest of us. And it also proves James Comey acted inappropriately. He deserved to be fired. Now Comey played politics, he let Clinton off the hook, even though she had secret, top-secret, special access programs, classified information stored, let's see, in a mom, pop shop bathroom closet. Which by the way, mishandling of classified information, that is a crime it. Destroying classified information, that is a crime. Deleting 33,000 subpoenaed emails, oh, that is called obstruction of justice.
And unlike the mainstream media, we care about the truth here. We care about facts. It's why we continue to expose all of these scandals. And tonight, a new level. Breaking news and this will now come back. Bribery, kickbacks, quid pro quo, America's national security at stake?
Joining us exclusively, John Solomon, he is with The Hill. Sara Carter, Circa News.
Sara, let me start with you. We are talking about bribery, we are talking about blackmail. We are talking about what else that was going on that the Obama Justice Department new and still gave Putin, Moscow, Russia 20 percent of our uranium and the money goes to the Clinton Foundation. Let's talk about it.
Let me go to you, John, and you're a reporter of The Hill. So, the FBI basically has evidence and the former documents' e-mails financial records and eyewitnesses proving the Russian's bribery, kickbacks, extortion and money laundering to secure their Uranium One deal -- and about $145 million kicked back to the Clinton Foundation and they knew it in 2009? They knew it before they even approved the deal?
All right. And Sara, this is stunning. That the Attorney General of the United States Eric Holder hid the information? He knew about the bribery, the kickbacks, the extortion, the money? And he also knew as well as Hillary and had to sign off along with Hillary Clinton on the deal even though that we know they are trying to influence every aspect of our security and get control over America's uranium. They are still allowed the deal to go through?
Is Mueller involved in this?
How does he investigated himself? So, we've got Mueller having to investigate his boss now Rod Rosenstein, who is also an Andrew McCabe of the FBI and probably James Comey. They all knew about this.
And they knew the Russians were trying to influence all of our uranium in this country.
All right. Here's the question. I have a final exit question and we will have more on this tonight. Did the DOJ, did they deliberately jeopardize America's national security knowing all of this was going on, in other words the kickbacks, bribery, extortion, money laundering? Allowing the steel to go through without presenting the evidence. And how did Hillary sign off on it and get all this money to the foundation? John, did they risk national security?
Wait! You mean, they've told them about bribery, extortion and money laundering and they still allowed the deal to go through by the Russians in our own country?
Sara, I'll gave you the last word. What's coming up?
How far will this story going to go? Can you give us a hint where we're headed?
They knew about it. This is proof. There really was a Russia conspiracy but it's not what the media reported. Great work both of you. It's amazing the work you guys do in the rest of the media is ignorant.
Now, Peter Schweizer, also Gregg Jarrett. We'll talk more about this. We have a lot more to come on this. Also, President Trump makes a big push tonight for a key part of his agenda. Newt Gingrich is here and so much more, straight ahead.
All right. That was the President earlier tonight during a speech in front of the Heritage Foundation again taking aim at NFL players who kneel during our National Anthem. He also made a major push for a key part of his agenda. Tax reform, which every American needs. Watch this.
We need it. And the President got a boost today on this front. Washington Post reporting, quote, "McCain endorses budget bill and win for GOP tax reform effort."
Joining us now, author of the soon-to-be best-selling book "Vengeance," just out last week, former Speaker of the House, Fox News contributor, Newt Gingrich. I know you are aware of this Uranium One deal. And now we've got documents. We've got e-mails. We've got financial records. We've got eyewitnesses. That show they knew.
The Obama administration knew, in 2009 about Russia, top officials. Bribery, kickbacks, extortion and money laundering. And they still signed off on the Uranium One deal, 20 percent of our uranium in the hands of Russia. And keep in mind, the same Russia that they had been screaming about for a year. Your thoughts on this development?
Oh, we have it.
Signed, sealed, delivered, exoneration. Does it matter you mishandled classified information, destroyed classified information and you destroyed subpoenaed emails. Why do I think I would be in jail and you would be calling me on the phone on Saturday night?
Never mind the dossier. The media, the Democratic politicians, they quoted the dossier. That they used Russian sources for. This is where the media in this country hurts the American people because they don't do their job. Their agenda driven. They've made more mistakes in the last year than I've ever seen. And I thought that it was bad when you were speaker. I've got a transition. I've got to ask you about how important this tax deal is.
Thad Cochran who is not feeling well flew back for this thing. McCain, you'll never knew what the hell he's going to do. I mean, he's just flighty as all can be lately.
Really?
And it has to be done this year.
Yes. Go ahead.
By the way, it is personal with John McCain. When he came back after his surgery, he did say, stop listening to radio and cable host like me and people like me can go straight to hell. But I didn't take it personally at all. This is important, the end of the year because the timeline is now tough because the House is on vacation this week.
The Senate was on vacation last week. Who takes this much vacation, which is a side note? Are you confident that at the end of the day, the McCains, the Susan Collins, the people voted for this bill, are they going to be there, are they going to be Republicans for once? Are they going to get their identity somewhat back or are they going to bail and screw it up like health care?
I saw your comments about Steve Bannon. Yeah, I don't want to see the Democrats take over the house or senate. But I am with Steve Bannon in this sense, if Mitch McConnell cannot get the job done, Mitch McConnell needs to go. He is not getting the job done. For him saying oh, we have excessive expectations, our expectations were raised, because I see you laughing - were raised because people like him were promising to repeal and replace ObamaCare for seven years and they cannot get their act together. Go ahead, straighten me out.
He is not talking about a real war. The art of political war.
Here it comes.
Ok, here's what I want. I wish I could say what I am thinking to get there bleep together and do their job and I think Bannon is saying the same thing.
They really screwed up in the last nine months of this year. Seven and a half year promises, pretty disappointing.
Politicians seem to respond to one thing, fear of losing their power. I think Alabama was a shot across the bow. The canary in the coal mine. They don't organize and get together and get in the room and shut the door and turn off the air conditioning like our framers and founders. I even send them free pizza, which did not exist for them, to get on the same page insert the American people. The forgotten men and women. Fear seems to be a god motivator, I think Bannon is saying get your act together. I agree with that sentiment.
All right.
I would do an hour with you and Steve any day. I think it's important.
All right I will set it up. I will call him right after the show. Good to see you. Congratulations on the new book. When we come back Peter Schweitzer more first about the uranium one deal. Gregg Jarrett is here with a reaction on the Hill. So good news and big bombshell. We have more information, straight ahead.
All right. We have more on the explosive report from The Hill John Solomon and Sara Carter that said the FBI now has proof Russian nuclear officials kicked back millions of dollars that benefited the Clinton foundation prior to the Obama administration's approval of the uranium one deal. They knew about bribery, kickbacks, extortion, and money laundering. We also understood tonight, Judicial watches found that 2800 government documents from Huma Aberdeen were found on Anthony Weiner's laptop and they might have been classified.
Here with reaction, someone who wrote extensively about corruption, surrounding the Clintons. The president of the government accountability institute, author of "Clinton Cash," he first discovered the uranium one story. And also, he is also written extensively about it, Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett.
All right. We've got to start with you, Mr. Peter Schweizer. If you broke this thing. What do you make of the new development tonight? They all knew and they still approved the deal.
Gregg, you wrote about this story about a year ago.
We had Russian operatives in this country. Eric Holder knew about it.
They know about bribery, kickbacks, extortion, and money laundering. Here's something -- I wonder if all the money that was donated was washed through Latvia as they had one of the reports. I wonder if the money came from Russia.
But it did benefit Bill and Hillary Clinton.
Wait a minute, if they knew what real Russian influence collusion is happening and they did nothing, how can they sit in judgment the way they are in this case? It seems to me they've all got to be cleared.
Immediately.
When you wrote about this, Peter, I remember we did a lot of this, on "Clinton cash," were you not able to put all the pieces together and does this make more sense to you based on your early reporting?
Up to $145 million?
Last word. Go ahead go ahead.
Unbelievable.
Who should be investigating this as of tonight based on what we learned?
Who is next? Whoever's third and the Justice Department.
You think Rosenstein and Mueller has to go?
Now we know there's bribery kickbacks, extortion, money laundering, I want to know where the money really came from, that went to the Clinton foundation. I want to know where that money came from. What is it funneled through Latvia or any of these groups? Who gave the money? $145 million is a lot of money. Who benefited? It was Putin and Russia. That is the question.
At the risk of American security.
All right. Thank you both. We will continue all week on this. When we come back. Huge developments today at the Harvey Weinstein scandal gets worse. You won't believe which Hollywood executive is now being accused of harassment and which actors. Straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Every day we are learning more and more about just how disturbing that casting couch culture is in Hollywood. The disgraced producer Harvey Weinstein officially resigned from the board of the Weinstein Company today. Deadline Hollywood reporting tonight that the Los Angeles City attorney will prosecute Weinstein's victims come forward. We will have the reporter who broke that story on tomorrow. In a shocking turn of events, Bob Weinstein, Harvey's brother, he too is now accused of sexual harassment. According to reports, he is denying any allegation.
And also tonight, the former chairman of DreamWorks Jeffrey Katzenberg says there's no way Harvey Weinstein acted alone saying men around Weinstein protected him and described him as a pack of wolves. Tonight more Hollywood topline actresses are coming forward about harassments that they received. Actress Reese Witherspoon said she experienced sexual harassment and assault including a Director that assaulted her when she was 16 years old. Actress Jennifer Lawrence she also detailed how a female producer made her stand naked in a lineup next to other girls, enticing her to lose weight. Oh, my gosh.
Joining us now with reaction, Fox News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera, conservative columnist Monica Crowley. It's the music industry, TV industry. Movie industry. Young people have dreams, aspirations, and desires. What happens?
NBC knew and spiked it. The New York Times knew inspected. Everyone in Hollywood knew and they joke about it.
Reese Witherspoon.
We were warned about this years ago and on your own TV show, you did these stories. You've known about this. You talked about how screwed up these child actors lives become.
All right. Last word, Monica. We got a break.
Tip of the iceberg.
More "Hannity" after the break.
let's talk about Hollywood. For the past few years I've been working on a very special project, I'm a proud executive producer and I wanted to do this because I'm tired of formulaic films that frankly, go against conservative sensibilities and values. The award-winning movie, it is an award winning already, it is called "Let There Be Light," it's in theaters October 27th. You can find locations on Hannity.com. Here's a sneak peek. Ten days away. Go see it.
Here is a hint. Bring the whole family and bring issues. That is all I say. That is all the time we have left this evening. Always fair and balanced. Stay tuned, Steve Hilton is next.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 246  ***************************************************
 Now, I personally would ignore this unhinged duo, if you will, that calls the president a schmuck, a liar and worse on a daily basis and has pretty much an emotional breakdown a day. Now, the White House here does have a point. And look, we're not defending personal attacks, but here is the simple basic truth. NBC so-called news and the rest of the destroy Trump media -- they're not innocent victims that they're claiming to be here.
Now, this war against the president has been going on for a very long time, and it was declared by the media against him.
And tonight -- and this is something you're only going to see right here on "Hannity" -- we will show you how the liberal leftist propaganda media has been carrying out what is a relentless campaign to undermine, delegitimize, smear, slander and destroy President Trump. This war was started by the mainstream media, not by the president.
Let's take a look. At the side of your screen, remember, WikiLeaks -- they exposed what many of us already knew and thought was going on for a long time, and that is the destroy Trump media was caught openly colluding, supporting, trying to elect Hillary Clinton, helping her campaign! Now, these rigid left-wing ideologues -- they all wanted Hillary Clinton to win. They did everything they could possibly do to try and make that happen.
Now, imagine for a second the press giving Donald Trump, any Republican, any conservative this type of treatment. Now, by leaking debate questions like CNN did or allowing stories and quotes to be edited before they go out -- now, the list of examples goes on and on.
And aside from the colluding with Clinton, the media openly mocked, ridiculed the idea that Donald Trump could ever become the president of the United States. "Ha, ha! No, that could never happen!" Really? They were wrong. Watch.
And so will @realdonaldtrump.
And you remember on election night, November the 8th, Donald Trump -- he won the White House. It was a funeral for the mainstream media, obviously distraught and depressed and couldn't wrap their arms around what just happened. After all, they were pulling for Hillary to win. They thought she'd win! Remember this?
Now, since then, it high school been a constant barrage of lies and falsehoods, black helicopter tinfoil hat conspiracy theories about so-called Trump-Russia collusion. Remember, zero evidence of collusion. None. Zip. Zero. But 11 months of coverage. Watch this.
These people are just total crackpots! They're unhinged, suffering from Trump derangement syndrome. And the way -- by the way -- by the way, aside from Mr. thrill up his leg, Chris Matthews, has anyone else in the destroy Trump media admitted that there's no evidence when it comes to Russia-Trump collusion? Not really. They're still pushing it day and night, night and day. They're, like, hoping publicly that it comes true.
Then, of course, you got liberal Joe and his fiancee, Mika Brzezinski. Now, everyone tonight is rallying around the sweet couple. But as we have said, and by the way, are about to show you, they're completely nuts, and by the way, not innocent victims in this case. In fact, they have called the president a liar, a schmuck and every vicious, vile name in the book. They have lobbed insult after insult after insult in every way, every single morning for months on end. They're not so innocent. Watch this.
So where was the outrage, where was the condemnation when they were calling the president these names -- schmuck, liar, thug, unfit? Well, apparently, the media is only offended, selective moral outrage when they are the ones that are being attacked.
Now, of course, liberal Joe, Mika are not alone here. You have the rest of the destroy Trump media -- they haven't held anything back, including lying when it comes to bashing and smearing and slandering President Trump. Take a look. We've got all the video evidence you need.
What did I say in 2007 and '08? Journalism in America is dead. Do you need any more proof? Now, there is a massive, glaring double standard in play here. The destroy Trump media -- they get to say pretty much anything they want about the president, make up lies, make up conspiracies, attack his family, attack his 11-year-old son, attack the first daughter, attack the first lady, attack anyone who dares to be associated with the president!
But if the president ever fights back, "Oh, that's unfair." And they lose it! And they claim Donald Trump is trying to trample the First Amendment and is one step away from dictatorship. This is beyond ridiculous. I don't even believe that they're outraged.
And by the way, they deserve to get hit back because they've been so mean, vile, vicious and lying themselves. And by the way, you, the American people, are not being served here. Enough is enough. The mainstream media has no credibility. By the way, did they ever admit and apologize that they were colluding with Hillary Clinton in the campaign? Of course not. Did they ever come forward and say they were completely wrong about Trump- Russia collusion? Of course not. Are they still pushing their bizarre black helicopter conspiracy theories? Now they've doubled down on it, as they've doubled down on their vicious and vile rhetoric.
And by the way, they just can't stop with these attacks! It's only getting worse. Now, many in the mainstream media are still just refusing to accept the reality that you, the American people, wanted and voted for Donald Trump and his agenda. You wanted him to be president. They're still angry you didn't vote the way they wanted you to. And by the way, something they thought was impossible.
Here's the point tonight. The destroy Trump media -- they're a bunch of crybaby whiners. They can't handle return fire. Oh, it only goes in one direction in their world. President Trump has disrupted what is the monopoly that they have had for decades. And by the way, what we're seeing is like a little baby throwing a fit and a temper tantrum.
And the truth is, the president -- he doesn't need the media. President can reach 100 million-plus Americans on social media all on his own. He can do rallies all on his own. He can find all the other ways to connect with you, the American people, rather than having what he says distorted by them, by an extremely biased and hostile press.
So why should he trust the propaganda media that lies about him, makes up conspiracies about him, attacks his family? Just look at all the corrections, all the retractions, the countless outlets that have had to issue these retractions one after another.
They have earned the single fake news moniker they deserve. They have earned the criticism they've gotten. And here's a truth that they'll never tell you. Members of the media are lazy. They're cheap. They follow each other. They're all overpaid -- by the way, me included, overpaid -- rigidly ideological, in their case, partisan propaganda hacks. They claim to be objective. They're not.
And by the way, they are watching any relevancy they thought they once had evaporate and disappear. They don't care about truth anymore. They don't care about facts anymore. They don't care about being fair anymore. They are driven by an agenda.
And by the way, they have a common goal, to damage, delegitimize and ultimately get this president thrown out of office. And by the way, it's why they're ignoring the six massive scandals that we are reporting here that are going on right under their noses. We're going to have an update on all of those later tonight with Jay Sekulow.
By the way, they are pathetic. They're disgusting. I've never been to a Washington correspondents' dinner because I've always known these are the people they are. And by the way, it's why the destroy Trump media can no longer be trusted.
Here's my advice to the White House tonight. Ignore liberal Joe and Mika. Who cares about them? Ignore the mainstream media. Go directly to the American people. You have the ability to do that. You figured out that the media's had no credibility left. New Gallup poll, by the way, proves all of this. Trust in media is near all-time lows.
So to the White House, let the media continue, have their temper tantrums, spin new conspiracy theories. They can bubble and fizz like Alka-Seltzer in water every night and continue down this ideological leftist path towards irrelevancy.
Here with reaction, author of the brand-new book, it's number one on Amazon right now, "Rediscovering Americanism and the Tyranny of Progressivism," the great one, Mark Levin.
You know, Mark, I guess this -- at some point, you've just got to say they're going to do what they're going to do. They're liars. They're ideologues. They're vicious and hostile. They can't take a punch. And I just think ignoring them at this point's probably the best solution. Thoughts.
Yes.
You know...
This is now I think a transformational moment, on a really serious note. You know, there's a reason your book is number one on Amazon and all your books have been number one. There's a reason talk radio has seen an incredible resurgence in the last three years. And you know, frankly, you know, a lot of nights, we're number one in all of cable right here on this show thanks to those wonderful audiences because people are seeking out outlets. They know they have choices. They don't have to sit there and be lied to and propagandized every night the way they are!
Yes, that's true. And by the way, I'm all in favor of the president tweeting. You know, I'm with you. 90 percent we can live with. And other 10 percent occasionally. But I don't blame him for -- listen, if I was attacked -- there's something personal with Joe and Mika.
And I just think -- frankly, I would -- nobody watches their show, Mark. I mean, they've got the lowest rated show basically in cable. They've got zero audience. The only people they seem to talk to are their friends. And they don't have any impact or significance. They seem emotionally unbalanced together on the show every morning, you know, calling the president a schmuck, calling the president a liar, a thug, a goon, an idiot...
You know, there's -- there's...
... anti-Trump anthem video is a little creepy.
Maybe he got rejected.
all right...
Real quick.
Yes.
All right...
We'll put it side-by-side the next time -- all right, we got to roll. Number one...
... Amazon, Hannity -- Amazon.com, Hannity.com, book stores everywhere, "Rediscovering Americanism," the great one, Mark Levin. Thank you sir.
When we come back on this busy news night, we get more reaction to the media's war against the president. Laura Ingraham will join us tonight.
And also later, an update on our "Hannity" investigation into the six massive scandals that the media refuse to cover, and by the way, Democrats don't want you to know about. Jay Sekulow will be here to respond.
Also, Ari Fleischer is one of two White House press secretaries now saying it's time to end the dog-and-pony show that is the White House daily press briefing. He is here tonight, along with Sara Carter from Circa News. And a very important mini monologue about a once respected news anchor who is now toeing Jeff Zucker's anti-Trump company line over at the fake news network, CNN.
And welcome back to "Hannity." Now, we just outlined in the "Opening Monologue" of our show how the destroy Trump media is now waging an all-out war against President Trump. But there's another side of this. They are also purposely ignoring and distorting his accomplishments. And we're going to put them up on the side of our screen so you can see them yourself.
Here now with reaction, editor-in-chief Lifezette, FOX News contributor, nationally syndicated radio talk show host, the one and only Laura Ingraham. Great to see you, Laura. The stock market's doing well. A quarter growth of 3.2 percent?
You know, I see -- let's see, stock market is doing well. The economy's turning around. It was predicted today we might have a quarter growth of 3.2 percent, gutting Obama-era regulations, Neil Gorsuch, a promise made, promise kept...
Fifty, sixty percent. That's correct.
I mean -- thoughts.
Neil Gorsuch.
By the way, and energy, right?
You know...
I think they are now.
I think they might have -- for a while, and then they began to hear no evidence, no evidence, no evidence, no evidence, and they began to shake their heads and realize they were being lied to.
You know, but we put up on the side of the screen -- I can't even think of a single instance where I've turned on another news channel and they've talked about the president's accomplishments, ever. They don't talk about it.
Right.
All right...
I would be -- I'd be totally negligent as a host if I didn't appeal to the sarcastic, iconoclastic side of Laura Ingraham.
Sometimes I appeal to your attorney side. No, no, no. I like you best when you're sarcastic -- and not ask you about liberal Joe, the president's a schmuck, a thug, a goon, a liar, an idiot, pooping pants, and I think the most bizarre, the creepiest thing of all is this anthem anti- Trump music video. All right, no, you have to -- no laughing allowed. I want to hear your most sarcastic...
I watched this, and it's creepy!
All right. Laura Ingraham...
... good to see you.
So -- it really -- it's so -- it's -- I'm embarrassed for them. Anyway, thanks, Laura Ingraham.
Coming up next, breaking news night, an update, "Hannity" investigation, the six massive scandals the media is not covering, Democrats do not want you to know about. But people may go to jail. Jay Sekulow here with reaction.
And later tonight, two former White House press secretaries are saying it's time to end the dog-and-pony show spectacle that is known as the White House press briefing. Ari Fleischer is one of them. He will join us. Also Sara Carter from Circa News.
And also tonight, which one so-called respected news anchor is now toeing the line over at the fake news network of Jeff Zucker and given up pretty much all principle and honor? We'll explain. Our mini monologue tonight.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Now, tonight we have more on our "Hannity" investigation into what are the six most important scandals that the media in this country is not covering and Democrats, they don't want you to know about. We are going to put them up right there on the side of the screen. Joining us now with reaction, the chief counsel for the American Center for Law and Justice, also an attorney for the president, Jay Sekulow is with us.
Let's start with, of course, President Obama knowing in August of 2016 of Russian meddling and does nothing.
And what about Loretta Lynch's obstruction, tarmac meetings, it's not an investigation, it's a matter, and maybe she put the kibosh on any possible indictment?
Is there a chance she obstructed?
And we need an investigation into whether she obstructed.
What about James Comey? Did Comey when he leaked to the "New York Times" government material, did he violate the Records Act in your view?
We've talked about Mueller and we've talked about Flynn and the Espionage Act, so let's just stay on the last thing. I think the person that will be in the most legal jeopardy with the pay to play scheme, Uranium One deal, email server, certainly the mishandling of classified information and destruction of, which are felonies, is Hillary Clinton. Will she likely be in jeopardy legally? Because evidence is incontrovertible she committed felonies.
All right, we've got to run. Thank you, Jay, appreciate it.
Coming up next on this busy breaking news night, two former White House press secretary now saying it's not time to change the circus at the daily White House press briefing. One of the two men behind the movement, Ari Fleischer, will join us along with Sara Carter from "Circa News."
And also tonight, we revealed the CNN anchor under the direction of Jeff Zucker who is sounding a false alarm on President Trump's treatment of the press. Stay with us on this busy news night.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So the destroy-Trump media has been complaining yet again about White House press briefings not being televised. Yesterday two former press secretary to presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton said that the White House should embargo all video from press briefings.
President Bush's press secretary, Ari Fleischer tweeted out "We support no live TV coverage of White House briefing. Embargo it. Let it be used, but not as live TV. Better for the public, the White House, and the press." Here with reaction, CircaNews.com Sara Carter and former White House press secretary Ari Fleischer.
Here's my take on it. They all want to get their clip of the night of them being tough, them grilling, in this case poor Sean Spicer or Sarah Huckabee Sanders. It's vicious. And I don't think it's productive and I don't think the American people are getting anything out of it unless you want to watch a remake of Morton Downey.
Is that what it is, peacocking?
Sara, I actually have a different idea, and it would be this. Let the reporters send in the night before, early in the morning, 6:00, 7:00, their top questions of the day, top three questions from every person. Put them all together, get the top 15 or 20 issues they want answered. Give the 40 some odd people in the press office time to give a thoughtful, well thought out answer. Pass these answers out before the press briefing, and then if they have questions specifically about what was sent to them, then they can get a little deeper into it. Why not do it in an intelligent way that's informative and gives people time to respond, not gotcha?
Ari, I know it's been bad. I know you dealt with a pretty difficult time. And it was Bush derangement syndrome when you were there. But let's see, MSNBC's morning host called the president a schmuck, a goon, a liar, a thug, an idiot, pooping his pants, and now has gotten into the music industry with an anti-Trump anthem video that is almost psychotic looking. It's pretty bad.
The media is now invested to try to take this guy down. I appreciate both of you.
When we come back on this breaking news night, we will reveal the longtime CNN host who is now joining his comrades at the fake news network to whine about President Trump's treatment of the press. You don't want to miss a very important mini monologue. That's straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." Now, the sky is falling over at CNN, this according to a brand-new narrative being pushed by the chicken little himself, CNN's fake news director, the chief over there, Jeff Zucker. Sadly, even longtime host Wolf Blitzer of all people, now he is toeing the company line and sounding an imaginary alarm about President Trump and his treatment of the press. Now, we are calling out Blitzer tonight and everyone else wrapped up in CNN's faux hysteria. That is tonight's mini monologue.
Last night poor Wolf Blitzer, he raised the possibility that Trump's treatment of the liberal media could be so dangerous. Really? Watch this.
Wolf, I don't see ISIS poses, severed heads, which I'll get to in a second. Now, of course Blitzer's freak out is just the latest example of the CNN pundits that want to keep their jobs pretending America's freedom of the press is in danger. No, it's not. Now, naturally this includes their chief White House correspondent, he is almost as unhinged as liberal Joe, Jim Acosta. Watch this.
I am so sorry, Jim. You are still whining about the cameras in the White House press briefing room? Maybe it's you. Maybe you just need a hug. Go see Joe and Mika. Sadly Acosta's constant whining and complaining and crying pales in comparison to one CNN morning host who actually believed the president is putting journalists in physical danger. Watch this.
Not true. Pretty unbelievable. Then there's CNN political analyst, "Daily Beast" editor in chief John Avlon who thinks that Trump is doing something sinister, evil. Watch this.
CNN is fake news. And by the way, here's what's happening. This is all under the direction of Jeff Zucker and now playing the victim. But in reality, the fake news network, CNN, has been aggressively pushing the Russia tinfoil hat conspiracy theories, and there are other blatantly fake news stories. They've been doing it for months in a desperate attempt, for whatever reason, Zucker has destroy-Trump mentality, an agenda.
So will CNN's president, Jeff Zucker, is he going to come out of hiding? Will he ever respond to this? It seems unlikely. Look at what happened when James O'Keefe of Project Veritas actually tracked down Zucker and asked about CNN's abusive and biased coverage. By the way, FOX cannot independently verify the footage, but you can see it yourself. Take a look.
Jeff, I will invite you on the program. You can come on my show. We will give you a full half-hour. We will talk about your network and the things said on your network.
By the way, they're the lowest rated network. They have a crisis in credibility, CNN. And their elitist president, by the way, are they ever going to put aside their petty differences with the president? It now seems personal on their part. Maybe start covering him fairly. We report, we'll let you decide. Fair and balanced.
Coming up, we need your help, and this is an important question of the day. That's next.
All right, time for our important "Question of the Day." It's a simple one. Should the White House end these ridiculous live broadcasts, the dog and pony show press briefing? We want to hear from you. I think they should. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
That is all the time we have left this evening. We hope you'll set your DVR so you never missed an episode of "Hannity," 10:00 eastern. By the way, I'm off for a few days for the Fourth of July. Our good friend Kimberly Guilfoyle will be filling in toward. Always fair and balanced here on "Hannity." Thanks for being with us. Have a great night, great Fourth of July. God bless America. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 247  ***************************************************
 All right. Major developments. This is a big night tonight in the Russia investigation.
The big breaking news, the House Intel Committee has now ended what has been a 14-month investigation into this phase of the Russian probe. And it's now starting to release details of what it has uncovered. This is the only in this particular case on collusion. We still have FISA abuse, Uranium One, the unmasking scandal and, of course, the Clinton bought and paid for dossier. This is not included tonight.
Here are the takeaways from the House Intel Committee. There is zero evidence -- let me repeat. None. No evidence showing collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia. By the way, I hope Robert Mueller and his merry band of the Democratic partisans and donors and witch hunters are all watching tonight. Their investigation should be shut down immediately.
The Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, he needs to be investigated. We will explain that. He is rushing to Mueller's defense, saying that the special counsel is, quote, 'not an unguided missile.' And Rosenstein is trying to cover himself because tonight's information proves that Mueller is in and has been in a giant witch hunt.
Also tonight, the media, the Democrats, this is what you've got to take away from this. This has been going on for nearly 18 months. And they have been lying to you. They have perpetuated one of the biggest hoaxes in American history. We'll have more in a minute.
But here are the other key findings from the GOP members on the House Intel Committee. There is a pattern of Russian attacks against America's key allies in Europe. Russian hackers used social media in 2015, 2016, as we have been telling you, to sow political discord within the United States. President Obama was warned in 2014 and he did nothing to stop Vladimir Putin and Russia, even though he was warned specifically that this was happening.
And the committee agrees with the intelligence community's overall assessment on Russian interference but they find that Vladimir Putin did not have a preference for candidate Donald Trump.
Congressional Republicans are also making very clear -- and this part is important -- the only part of the investigation that is closed regarding Russia collusion. That's it. They will still be probing what is unresolved issues involving the unmasking scandal, FISA abuses, and, of course, the Clinton phony bought and paid for a Russian dossier.
And also tonight, and this is also, a major development, Sara Carter, she'll join us reporting and other sources confirming to this show an explosive revelation about the former Obama director of national intelligence, James Clapper. Clapper allegedly leaked to fake news CNN information that then President-elect Donald Trump and then President Barack Obama were briefed about a part in the phony dossier. The claims, of course, that Russians have compromising information on, well, then President-elect Trump.
And sources are also telling Sara Carter tonight that Clapper was in contact with CNN's Jake Tapper at roughly the same time that CNN published a report about President-elect Trump and President Obama being briefed about the dossier. If you remember, this created a huge, massive fire storm and it helped to lay the groundwork for the media's never ending hysteria, breathless, Trump-Russia collusion conspiracy theory that they have been pushing ever since.
And sources are also telling us tonight, Clapper was either CNN's original source or the confirming source about the report on the dossier.
What's even more pathetic and more sleazy is that after allegedly leaking information ton CNN, well, Clapper then put out a statement back in January of 2017. It reads in part: 'This evening, I had the opportunity to speak with President-elect Donald Trump to discuss recent media reports about our briefing last Friday. I expressed my profound dismay at the leaks that have been appearing in the press. And we both agree they are extremely corrosive and damaging to our national security.'
Clapper was lying through his teeth. He was one of the leakers. And since then, by the way, the t former director of national intelligence has been doing everything and anything possible to prop up this phony Clinton bought and paid for dossier. Watch this.
We reached out to James Clapper for a statement, he works for fake news CNN, on Sara's report, and a spokesperson declined to comment. But he did not that the story appears to be about leaking information that was not classified or sensitive.
So, Clapper is not outright denying it, which tells you pretty much everything you need to know. We have, for over a year, been out here, almost an island unto ourselves, as we have been uncovering the scandal and telling you, as shocking as what is being exposed, is only the tip of the iceberg. The House Intelligence Committee, 14 months, is still conducting very important investigations. They have nothing to do with Donald Trump. But they do have to do with unmasking at an unprecedented level, unprecedented use of the FISA law, and FISA abuses, and, of course, the Clinton bought and paid for fake news dossier.
This is only the beginning. You've been lied to for well over a year. Back to the other key findings from the Republicans on the House Intel Committee. They proved what we have been telling you for over a year that the media and the Democrats have lied to you. There is no Trump-Russia collusion.
Take a look at this disgraceful coverage as a means of remembering what we've been saying.
The only one who had anything to do with Russia that tried to propagate false Russian information was Hillary. Her bought and paid for Russian dossier. Anyone with half a brain could see that there was no collusion.
Tonight, the media in this country should be apologizing to you, the American people, for spreading outside outright lies, misinformation, propaganda for over a year.
Democrats are in the same vote as the media. They look like complete and total and utter fools tonight. And leading the way, of course, is the ranking Democrat on the House Intel Committee, and that would be 'congressman I want to work at fake news conspiracy TV MSNBC,' Adam Schiff.
Take a look at this painful and this pathetic evolution on so-called Trump-Russia collusion that we now know never happened and doesn't exist.
That's it? Oh, the evidence on the pubic -- you have no evidence. And Schiff knew the entire time there was no collusion. Yet, he went on TV, some 250 times since the inauguration and lied his face off. Congressman Schiff is the epitome of a left-leaning partisan hack.
And then, of course, there's President Obama, like we have been telling you, House Republicans are finding out, well, he did nothing to stop Russian election interference. Congressman Devin Nunes, he started warning then President Obama about Russian and election interference in 2014. Obama ignored every single warning sign.
Here's a headline from Nunes, an op-ed that he wrote in 'The Washington Times,' and he writes, you know, 'The Bear Out There.' OK, that means Russia. The House Intel chair goes on to detail the direct threat that was posed by Putin and the Russians. This is 2014!
And what's worse is that while all this Russian interference was beginning to happen and was happening, Obama just before the election tried to shame then candidate Donald Trump, telling him to stop whining about an election possibly being rigged, because that could never happen. Remember this.
No serious person could ever believe that -- oh, I don't Hillary lost and you needed a big excuse. Then we'll believe it.
Democrats should be ashamed of themselves tonight. All of this new information is revealing what they really, really are all about, total frauds, partisan hacks. They don't care what they put the country through for, what, 18 months now? Democrats have the opportunity. Obama had the opportunity to stop Russia.
And then after the candidate lost, oh, it couldn't happen, but it did happen because then it was about delegitimizing and smearing President Trump to divert attention away from what really happened even though Obama said it could never happen. The truth is now finally all coming out. And this is only the start. I told you this was the year of the boomerang.
There's a lot that still needs to be investigated. We will stay on it. It will be investigated.
We do know the Obama administration -- we know they were unmasking members of the Trump campaign at an unprecedented level. And, of course, Trump campaign associates. And then, of course, as the Clinton bought and paid for dossier, that's -- we still need to get to the truth on that.
Hillary Clinton didn't care about paying for our false information, Russian government lies, to influence an election. The FBI took that completely unverified dossier, they have a legal and an ethical and protocol obligation to do it themselves. They lied to a FISA judge, they never verified, they never corroborated, they never told the judge Clinton paid for it, you know, to get a warrant to spy on the member of the opposition party campaign during an election year.
And remember the Grassley-Graham memo, the dossier that made up the bulk of the FISA application. And the former deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe testifying, no dossier, there wouldn't have even been a FISA application. They never verified. They never checked. They didn't care.
This is the biggest abuse of power scandal in the history of this country. It is the biggest corruption scandal and it's only beginning. Sit tight, be patient. I know for a fact more information is coming.
Now, also breaking tonight, in a HANNITY exclusive, the Vice President Mike Pence, he is reacting to several major breaking news stories. Here's what the vice president had to say about combating Russian election interference. Let's take a look.
The Russians wanted to sow discord in the last election. Get your general thoughts on how to counter that, especially in the day and age where everything is digital, everything is on computers, and, you know, somebody can be sitting in an office anywhere in the world and be trying to interrupt what's going on in this country?
Now, I also asked vice president about the growing FISA abuse scandal and here's what he said on that issue.
Andrew McCabe, former deputy FBI director, said no dossier, no application for a FISA warrant. So, it played a big role. They didn't tell the court that, in fact, Hillary Clinton's campaign paid for it. And then they tried to corroborate it, but it was the same source adding a Yahoo News article. So, it was deceptive towards the court.
So, the whole issue of FISA abuse is now front and center. Does that sound to you like FISA abuse do you? Does that sound like FISA abuse?
Now, we're going to have a lot more of our exclusive interview, the vice president, that's coming up later tonight.
But, first, President Trump also this week, he eviscerated, absolutely eviscerated, and rightly so, the lying liberal mainstream media at a massive rally this weekend in Pennsylvania. The media -- well, they have been trying to utterly destroy this president. But just like always, he is refusing to back down. Instead, he's firing back.
This is vintage Donald Trump, a big media take down. Take a look.
Fake news, lying news, propaganda news, misinformation news, it's all true.
Now, of course, the media, they are apoplectic after being called out for their extreme bias. They started trashing President Trump.
Now, there is a reason why you the American people do not trust the fake news media. You should not. They have an agenda. The agenda is clear, it's obvious, it's transparent, and the president is not going to let them get away with it any longer.
In 2007, I said journalism is dead. It has been for years and tonight, we have even more proof. Look at this, at a recent column for 'The Guardian', former "New York Times" executive editor Jill Abramson makes this creepy admission that further exposes her liberal bias.
The head of 'The New York Times' writing, quote: It's easy to look at what's happening in D.C. and despair. That's why I carry a little plastic Obama doll in my purse. I pull them out every now and then to remind myself that the United States had a progressive African-American president until very recently. Some people find this strange. You think? You have to take comfort where you can find it and Donald Trump's America.
Really? An Obama comfort all? We got to get one of those over to Chris Matthews ASAP. He can get a lot of thrills up his leg.
First, joining us now to react to our top story, House Intel Committee member, Utah Congressman Chris Stewart, former House Oversight Committee chair, Fox News contributor Jason Chaffetz.
Congressman Stewart, I look at these revelations, it's spectacularly stunning. Fourteen months and no evidence of collusion, no evidence of -- collusion, coordination, conspiracy between a Trump campaign and the Russians. None, zero, zip, sir.
Well said.
And, Congressman Chaffetz, I'll read again. No evidence of collusion, coordination, conspiracy between the Trump campaign and the Russians. And then it goes on, how anti-Trump research made its way from Russian sources to the Clinton campaign, that would be the dossier, and problematic contacts between senior intelligence community officials and the media. In other words, they lied, they leaked, and they provided misinformation to the American media that ran with all of it.
And, Congressman, the irony, even in the last two weeks, all of a sudden, Adam Schiff changed his tune. He knows he's been lying for over 14 months. You know, how are we to deal with people that are willing to drag the country through the mud to advance their lie and their narrative?
I've got to run. We are going to break down this week on my show the anatomy of a 14, 18-month lie.
Thank you both. You've been amazing.
We have so more. No evidence of Trump Russia collusion. We'll have more on the breaking new information.
Also, a dangerous situation in Austin, Texas, involving three separate bomb attacks. Sara Carter on her brand-new report about James Clapper. A lot coming up, straight ahead. And Gregg Jarrett.
This is a FOX News alert. Our top story tonight, the Republicans on the House Intel Committee have wrapped up the investigated phase of their Russian probe. And tonight, they released their conclusion. None, zero, zip, no collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia.
Joining us now, Fox News contributor Sara Carter, Fox News legal analyst Gregg Jarrett.
Let's start with you on the number one -- we have known it. But the media kept pushing it. You noticed when Schiff, the last two times he was interviewed, oh, no, no, the evidence is already out there. No, it's not been out there. They've never -- Dianne Feinstein, Joe Manchin, even Maxine Waters said, there's smoke, no fire.
And now --
Bar talk, four way hearsay. Four way!
I want to ask you in a minute about Rod Rosenstein.
His message tonight really ticks me off.
But let me go to Sara Carter. This other aspect of what we are learning from the House Intel Committee, that former director of national intelligence James Clapper leaked to CNN and then he feigns outrage about leaks to Donald Trump in the news media, when he's the leaker.
Unbelievable. Let me go to you Gregg Jarrett. And I -- this is Rod Rosenstein.
He, in my opinion, his relationships with Mueller and Comey and McCabe and others is -- must now be brought out into the daylight. The Rosenstein comes out tonight, ah, the special counsel is not an unguided missile. I don't believe there is any justification at this point for terminating the special counsel. Why? Because now they can set perjury traps? Now that there is no Russia-Trump collusion? Now that they going to say, well let's move to the finances of, oh, Jared Kushner. Like, where was that in the original mandate or investigation? Investigative creep is the biggest problem with the special counsels.
Because of his buddy, James Comey, who you think is the most foolish man on earth to be going on a book tour.
I agree with you.
I think we already have enough information on him and violations of law. Do you agree with that?
The fix was in.
Unbelievable.
This is the biggest abuse of power and the entire media in this country and every one of those lying Adam Schiff Democrats, they have been lying. Now, I want to go back to these reports tonight, Sara Carter, if I may read from this. You know, OK, no evidence of collusion, coordination, conspiracy between the Trump campaign and the Russians. How anti-Trump research, i.e., dossier, made its way from Russian sources to the Clinton campaign and problematic contact, which we were talking about, leaks with the intelligence community and the media. OK. The one -- the biggest problem that they discovered as far as Russia was Clinton's dossier that she paid for, but then was used as the bulk of evidence for the FISA warrant, against the Trump campaign in the lead up to the election.
How can it be unwit -- wait a minute. I'm not going to allow that. From my perspective, the FBI never verified it. By law, if they are going to present to a FISA court, they must verify.
By their own procedures and protocol, they are supposed to verify it. Fusion GPS never verified it. The FBI never verified it.
And I bet it was the time we get to the.
But there is so much more. They were very clear. I talked to my sources and I know Sara talked to her sources, you got to be clear here. This doesn't include unmasking. This doesn't include the dossier. This doesn't include the corrupt uranium one deal. This is, but the small, this is a small sliver. And what I'm trying to understand is, how we got to a point in this country where lies can literally run this rampant and be this corrupt at the highest level in the FBI, the Intel community and our government? And the Democrats, they spread these lies.
What if I lied to the congress?
Here is the big question for America tonight. Now that we know everything. It's all coming to fruition. Will we in this country follow the rule of law or will we have a duel justice system?
Real quick Sara, I got to break.
You get the last word, go ahead.
That is the great irony, we live in. Thank you both. You both have been an amazing and I know we have all taken heat for this and we have all been right from the get-go. And there is so much more to come. I told you this would be the year of the boomerang. Also, another major story we're following, Hillary Clinton just can't give it up. She is apparently still bitter, still making excuses while she lost the election. This time to a foreign audience in India. Listen to one of the reasons why she thinks some women voted for Donald Trump.
I wonder how much she got paid for that little old speech. Now, she also blasted the President Trump essentially called his voters racist. Really, Hillary? Watch.
Anger, bitter, sore loser, who paid for Russian government propaganda and lies and still lost. Joining us now, the host Michelle Malkin investigates, CRTV Michelle Malkin. Fox News, National Security Strategist Sebastian Gorka. Only in as much, Michelle that I want to talk about Hillary is that, the only thing we are learning tonight is in fact her campaign, how in fact, again, I'll read it directly, how anti-Trump research made its way from Russia sources to the Clinton campaign. In other words, to lie to the American people.
Including Fox.
Unbelievable.
Dr. -- no, you are right. Dr. Gorka, this is a massive development tonight. After 14 months, 14 and Mueller is still on the job. And Rosenstein saying, oh it doesn't matter. That is not the -- you know going on and actually going on. Well the special counsel is not an unguided missile. Oh yes, it is. And it's out of control with all their Clinton donors, Obama donors, DNC donors, no evidence of the Trump-Russia collusion. The media lied, the Democrats have lied. They -- none of them, even they have said it and people still report it. How can this happen in this country?
Wait, Obama said it could never happen. Only, you know, you would have to be -- only stupid people, what did they say? No serious person would ever believe it. Until, of course, Hillary lost.
We have 40 seconds, Michelle Malkin and the worst part of all of this, is they knew from the beginning and the only person that gave us Russian lies in the campaign was Hillary.
Heard it this weekend.
All right.
Thanks guys, this is a big night. We have a lot more on the anatomy of lies. When we come back, my exclusive one on one Mike Pence.
Big news tonight, Fox News alert, Republicans on the House Intel Committee releasing their initial findings today after the committee has now ended this part of the Russian probe. And they conclude, no evidence of Trump Russia collusion during the 2016 election. We have been lied to all this time. Earlier today, prior to the report, I sat down with the Vice President Mike Pence for an exclusive interview and I asked the Vice President about California refusing to enforce federal immigration laws, Joy Behar attacking his faith and a lot more. Take a look.
You have sanctuary cities and now you have a sanctuary state of California. The President expected to go to California tomorrow. Then you have a defiant Oakland mayor who is tipping off illegal, criminal illegal immigrants that ICE and border are coming their way. What should happen? The Attorney General actually went as far to say that they will use every tool that they have against the Oakland mayor. Is that a crime in your view? Is that obstruction of justice?
Worse, they are helping people who have broken the law.
You recently had an incident, the comments made by Joy Behar of 'The View' Bob Baer said, she called you privately to apologize. Could you bring us behind the scene and tell us what happened, but she didn't say it publicly. Although the original comments that she made about Christianity were made publicly.
So does mine, but I'm not as good at it as you.
She makes me question the sincerity of it, because you are right, it wasn't just a shot against you. It was against a normal Christian, anybody of faith.
Understood. You don't take it personally.
Last question, 2018, we expected, the Democrats expected a big blue wave in Texas. That never happened. Tomorrow there is an important race going on in the Pennsylvania 18th congressional district. A lot of stake for you, for the president, for the country, if God forbids Nancy Pelosi became the speaker again?
Is it also about those crumbs that Nancy Pelosi talks about?
Mr. Vice President, good to see you. Always great to have you. Thank you so much giving your time, we appreciate it.
2018 matters, we will have a lot more as the year progresses. Our video of the day and 'Hannity' hotline next.
The video of the day, earlier during my exclusive interview with the Vice President, I asked him about North Korea. Here is what he said.
Well said. We are going to be following that's story. Time for 'Hannity' hotline.
Let us turn that into a drinking game. Anyway, no matter what I do, I can't win. Whatever you want to say, sound off, 877-225-8587, that is the 'Hannity' hotline. Before we go, don't forget. The faith based film I produced is now available on DVD. It is good for the whole family. It is at Walmart, Amazon.com, and hannity.com. Follow me on Instagram @seanhannity. Here she is, let not your heart.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2018 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 248  ***************************************************
 
show#: 249  ***************************************************
 
show#: 250  ***************************************************
 Also according to the AP, Stephen Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of what is known is tracer ammunition, that was a week before carrying out this mass shooting. Now, those rounds were found in Paddock's room but authorities have yet to determine if he used them during this attack. Now, the report also says that the police found a document at the crime scene with the name of the Arizona man who allegedly sold Paddock those tracer rounds.
Also, the New York Times reported that Paddock, he called Mandalay Bay security twice the night before the shooting rampage, he was complaining about loud music coming from the floor below him. And law enforcement has found an SUV belonging to Paddock that they were searching for. Now, the motive for this terrible tragedy still remains a mystery.
And also tonight, in the face of the pure evil that we saw in Las Vegas, America, this country is learning some very valuable lessons about coming together and unifying. However, despite the tragedy and despite the fact that people are still in the hospital, they are fighting for their lives, well, predictably, there are people on the left, Democrats, celebrities, liberals and the mainstream media, they continue to politicize this tragedy beyond shameful.
Now because this is not what America is all about, those people should know better. But they continue to politicize what happened anyway, every day. And tonight, I want to focus on what America should be doing now to help and support the great people in Vegas. Now earlier in the week, we showed you this incredibly powerful moment. This was just one hour before the shooting started in Las Vegas. See that?
Big & Rich on the stage. The crowd is singing in unison, "God Bless America." They are holding up their cellphones together. Now, those people, they are not Republicans, they are not Democrats, liberals or conservatives there. They are Americans. They are singing God Bless America and they're singing it in unison. And it did not matter to the shooter who they voted for. He wasn't asking for an ID cards. He wanted dead Americans. He wanted a shatter lives.
And instead of dividing the country like the left and they've been doing all week, isn't it time for the rest of the country to follow the example that was set one hour before the shooting by the people in that very crowd? And doesn't that start by respecting our country, our flag, our military? Those people that fought, bled and died under that flag for this country, for our freedoms to go to concerts.
And by the way, even after this terrible tragedy on Sunday night, two players on the Kansas City chiefs, they still refused to stand for the national anthem and Monday night football. And the stadium did honor the Vegas victims with a moment of silence. But those players still did not rise for the Star Spangled Banner. I think it's a huge mistake. If they really wanted to make a statement, they should have come together.
Let the 58 Americans who were killed and their families and the nearly 500 plus injured, let them know that their country fully supports them. And last night during Thursday night football, all players finally stood for the anthem. We will going to see what happens this football Sunday. But for the players, those of you that still refuse to stand, maybe you should look at this video of Thomas Gunderson. He was on this program last night. We went to see him in the hospital.
After he stood to greet President Trump and the first Lady, ever after being shot in the leg, Gunderson later wrote this very powerful message on his Facebook page. Quote, "I will never lie down when the President of this great country comes to shake my hand. There may be plenty of issues in the country but I will always respect my country, my president and my flag. Shot in the leg or not, I will stand to show my president the respect he deserves."
It doesn't sound like he will be turning down an invitation to the White House. But it is an example every American should follow. Not a perfect country, but we are still all Americans and Thomas Gunderson, he was not playing politics. He was focused on healing and unity and those that continue to divide this country, you should listen to the stories of just some of the heroes from the Vegas shooting. Just take a look at this. And pay really close attention. It shows America's greatness, America's goodness. Take a look.
Another powerful lesson we learned this week is how brave men and women of law enforcement, first responders, firemen, policemen. All of them really are. And the dangers they put themselves in to keep all of us save. Take a look at this body-cam video of the Las Vegas police officers, they run towards danger. Just like the police, the first responders, the firemen on 9/11, 2001. They run into danger as others try and run away from danger. Take a look.
You know, you would think after seeing that, the NFL players, they really would not take a knee in protest. The police this weekend. You know, if NFL players, if they will show support for Colin Kaepernick, really, the former 49ers quarterback who started these protests? By the way, do those players, do they still stand by Kaepernick even after he supported groups like Black Lives Matter that have said, "what do we want? Dead cops. When do we want them? Now. Pigs in a blanket, fry them like bacon." Members of that group said that.
I am talking about we don't remember when it matters. These guys don't get the presumption of innocence Michael, Daryl, like in the case of Michael Brown.
Sebastian, I just kind of know, I can see it happen. And you know, today it actually happened to be -- I begin my 23rd year now on the Fox News Channel.
I covered so many of these cases over the years. Thank you.
Nobody ever thought I would be here at this point, trust me, when I started. I have seen so many of these cases. And you know what? It happens again and again. Dr. Gorka, it's predictable.
I know everyone is saying, oh, we can't talk about guns, I have a gun debate. I have a question for you. So, if somebody --
I know a lot of these celebrities and a lot of these politicians, you know, they have their gated communities and these late night hosts. They have their body guards and their studios, and they're protected at the Oscars and at the Emmys and all of their self-congratulatory parties that they have in the red carpet every year.
But for the average person, the only defense they have is themselves. So, those people that want gun control are talking about abolishing the Second Amendment. Let me ask you what would you do, God forbid, for anybody. Somebody breaking news into your house Daryl Parks late at night. Would you rather be trading in the use of a fire arm and have that firearm available to protect your family, your wife, your kids, the people you love and care about the most?
So, the answer is yes?
All right. Then, all of these people that are saying the opposite all week. You say, let's talk about guns. You know, the average American doesn't have armed body guards. They don't have gated compounds that they are living in like all of these celebrities that are lecturing everybody.
They are not advocating for -- the NRA is talking about getting rid of the ability to turn this into a single shot, into you know, a rapid fire, almost a rapid fire gun. We'll give you the last word, Dr. Gorka.
I don't know if any of our framers and founders ever talked about hunting. That is exactly what they were talking about. Thank you both for being with us. I appreciate it.
When we come back, we're going to meet a hero. Las Vegas police officer wounded during the shooting, his second day on the job. His personal story is next.
All right. That was President Trump praising first responders in the wake of the worst mass shooting in U.S. history. Now, earlier this week, the Vegas Police Department released boy cam footage from officers risking their lives, rushing towards the scene of the shooting. Just take a small look at this small sampling of what these officers do every single day. Take a look.
And joining us now, Las Vegas Metropolitan police officers Brady Cook. He was shot Sunday night. It was just his second day on the job. Also joining us is Officer Cook's partner, officer Joshua Haynes. Guys, good to see you.
Officer Cook, I guess that is one way of saying, welcome to the force, we're glad you're here, baptism by fire. I know you police officers know the risk. I'm sure you and your family did not expect that.
Yes. You know, I know it's an amazing thing. And I have had a change over the years. I interview a lot of military guys. I spoke with a couple of the people that were shot in the hospital yesterday. And describe the scene, the situation, what you would do and when you got shot, what you felt and take us from there until you got to the hospital and the nature of your injury.
Where did you get hit?
Where did you get hit? And what did it feel like?
Wow! You know, it's amazing how many people told me, they didn't even know because of the environment, the adrenaline as you say. They don't even feel they get hit but then they look and they're like, wow, what happened here. Officer Haynes, tell us what happened on your end?
When you saw his injury, Officer Haynes, when you saw the injury, and he said his arm felt like a noodle. And you are looking at it, how bad did you think it was? And how nervous were you just looking at it?
Oh, boy.
Good for you. Officer Cook, an amazing story. We are glad you are safe. We wish you a speedy recovery.
And Officer Haynes, thank you for what you did for your partner and what you both do for the city of Vegas every night. Thank you both.
When we come back. Patrick J. Buchanan is next. You don't want to miss it.
That was the Clark county sheriff saying this is still no motive to why Stephen Paddock opened fire on the music festival last Sunday. And an article out today Patrick Buchanan writes quote, the real question is what turned Paddock into a psychopath without conscience or moral code that would scream to him that what he was planning was pure evil. Joining us now the author of Nixon's White House Wars, Patrick Buchanan. It's not a phrase we use a lot -- evil. But in the last century over hundred million human souls would destroyed and murdered. When you look at, you know communism and fascism and Nazism, Imperial Japan, we could go on and on, and the killing fields, Cambodia. There is a lot of evil in this world, Pat.
We don't know that yet.
It was premeditated and he also surveilled Fenway park and places in Chicago. Did he maybe plan an escape? He had handguns? Was he trying to get out of this and do it again? We don't know if he has a political or religious agenda.
It's very dark.
You know, Pat, in my heart of hearts, I just think there is something deeper here. At the root of it, you are right. At the root of it is evil. I want to throw something out. The president does a photo-op with military leaders yesterday and he talks about the calm before the storm. Very cryptic and then he mentioned it again today. We will play yesterday and today. With these emerging situations in North Korea and Iran, you have to wonder is he sending a signal. Take a listen.
Pat, how do you interpret that? Just telling them we have the military might to do things?
All right Patrick Buchanan, always appreciate you being with us. Thank you so much. When we come back, Democrats and liberals and the media and Hollywood elite rushing to politicize this Vegas shooting. We will show you the absolute worst examples of what they do and this is what they do every single day. They do I politically, they do it on cultural issues and everything else. We will prove it to you, that is next.
Welcome back to "Hannity" just hours after the horrific mass shooting in Vegas, Democrats, Liberals, mainstream media, Hollywood elites, late iconic, they race to politicize the (inaudible) with many condemning conservative in the NRA. Pretty disgraceful, they should be ashamed of themselves, take a look at some of the worst examples from the week.
Now with reaction. Radio Television talk show host Gina Loudon and author political commentator Danielle McLaughlin, Danielle, I look at the celebrities and the late night hosts, I look at the cable host and the politicians. In about every instance, a nice gated community that they live in. Protection for themselves. They go to events and there are many armed guards taking care of them. I will ask you the question I asked Daryl Parks earlier. Somebody breaks into your home or any Americans home, late at night and want to do harm to you and your family and your children, what do you do if you don't have a gun? What do you do to the Michael Moore's of the world, the hypocrite that he is? What do we do if we don't have a Second Amendment.
You are answering my question. I know you want to get into this, but the bottom line is this, if somebody enters your home and you don't have a weapon, you are dead! Your family will be victims of a crime. At least you have a fighting chance to protect yourself.
Talking about getting rid of the second amendment, not just one, a number of people.
Hang on. Wait a second. Let me ask you this. Why is it the cities in this country and why is it the countries in Europe that have the strictest gun control laws have the highest incidence of this types of things happening. When we also have the empirical data, more guns and less crime?
Gun control doesn't work, does it? It is not working in Chicago or France.
But I am giving you data. Chicago has some of the toughest laws in the country and look at their violence. The innocent people don't have the gun. She is right. They want the slippery slope. This is not about a particular type of gun. All of these people lecturing us, they are all protected and they all have money. The average American that works hard, plays by the rules, makes this country a great country, the only line of defense they have is themselves.
Those areas that have right to carry laws and have more guns and more liberal laws in the books, they have less crime. I want you to read the book. We got to run. Are young people in this country losing respect for the police? TMZ's Harvey Levin straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." And joining us with more reaction to the media's coverage of the Vegas shooting is TMZ founder and host Harvey Levin and also you can catch Harvey right now on the Fox News Channel with his brand new hit series called objectified, it airs Sunday night 8:00 p.m. Eastern. This week hi guest, a good friends of his program, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Harvey good to see you. Thank you for joining us. One of the things I always love is that you reach younger audiences. A lot of your show is about fun and entertainment and Hollywood. But you do segments that really reach and touch your audience. What was the reaction from a younger audience considering a lot of this crowd that were victims of the shooting were young people?
You know what bothers me and I always feel that young people are impressionable. We have had all of these incidents. You had Ferguson and the narrative was hands up and don't shoot and Michael Brown was shot in the back, none of which ended up being true. Or what happened to Freddie Gray and black lives matter. What do we want? Black cops? What do we want them now? I sometimes worry and wonder this younger generation may not have the full and complete understanding of how dangerous police work is. I hope I am wrong on that, but I want to ask.
A tiny percentage. Absolutely.
I totally agree. I love the fact there are two sides of you. The funny and outrageous, crazy Harvey that I have known for years. You have a really serious side. Your new show is a big hit on the channel. You did Simon Cowell and Judge Judy. And this weekend you're doing a really good, a bit of friend of mine, Prime Minister Netanyahu. I want to run a quick clip and it runs Sunday night at 8:00.
I know him personally. I love that you get another side of people. You are asking questions that they don't get asked in normal interviews.
I promise, I will be watching. I won't miss this. It is hosted by Harvey Levin, Sunday night 8 p.m. Eastern, right here on Fox. Harvey good to see you and thank you. That is all of the time we have left this evening. As always thank you for being with us. This show will never be like the mainstream media. We are not corrupt and dishonest. We will always be fair and balance through alternative. Thank you for your support. Have a great weekend. We will see you back here Monday.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 251  ***************************************************
 Now, after everything that we have seen, can anyone say that they're surprised that a left-wing lunatic went on a shooting rampage? For example, just this week, an opening night performance, Shakespeare's Julius Caesar, New York City, or course, featured a Donald Trump lookalike getting what? Savagely murdered.
Then of course, this most graphic example that we always warn you about before putting it up on he screen, Kathy Griffin, CNN host, posing like an ISIS fighter with a fake and bloody and severed head of President Trump.
And that's just a few examples of this left-wing vitriol. Remember back in January, Madonna literally threatening, fantasizing about blowing up the White House. Remember this?
Thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House. Now, leftists, Hollywood liberals -- they aren't alone in viciously attacking the president. Then you got the destroy Trump media. Now, for months, 11 months almost, they have done the exact same thing, if not a lot worse. Take a look at what so-called news looks like. It's real fake news, though. Take a look.
And now we're supposed to believe all of these media folks and Democrats are preaching unity? But yet they have done nothing but smear, slander, besmirch this president for months.
In case you forgot. Take a look.
And after Wednesday's left-wing assassination attempt, the Huffington Post -- they had to take down an article calling for the president's execution. Take a look at the headline we showed you last night, "Impeachment is no longer enough, Donald Trump must face justice." And here's the sub-headline, "Impeachment, removal from office are only the first steps. For America to be redeemed, Donald Trump must be prosecuted for treason. If convicted in a court of law, executed." Beyond disturbing.
But there are plenty of other examples. Earlier this week, liberal Hollywood actor, left-wing activist Mark Ruffalo -- he called on his followers to sign a petition that demands NBC News stop hiring conservatives for on-air positions, white conservatives? We've also seen people like Robert de Niro and Mickey Rourke and Marilyn Manson advocating for violence against this president.
And outside of Hollywood, then, of course, you have groups like Black Lives Matter. What do we want, dead cops. When do we want them, now. Pigs in a blanket, fry `em like bacon. Hillary Clinton supported that group. President Obama met with them in the White House! They've been spewing hate for years. And by the way, where was their criticism of Kathy Griffin and her ISIS pose?
Take a look at Black Lives Matter.
Also, we have all seen the out-of-control anger and rage that is springing up all over college campuses where -- you know, showing you video-- Berkeley, California, earlier this year, protesters starting a riot. Why? Because a conservative was going to speak at the university, the home of the Free Speech Movement.
Now, while all these examples of hatred are shocking and alarming, they're not new. Now, the roots of the left's rage go back decades, if not further. In fact, it is part of the movement's DNA. You know, groups like the Mayday Labor Movement, the Weather Underground, remember them, led by Barack Obama's pals, Bill Ayers and Bernadine Dohrn, the Occupy Wall Street movement all started with, subscribed to radical left-wing hate-filled ideology advocating for using violence to their advantage in their political objectives.
So while the Democrats and the left are putting their hate on pause for 24 hours last night, not even 24 hours, you can bet they're only getting started when it comes to the president, conservatives, Republicans in this country.
Here with reaction, the author of the brand-new book, "Understanding Trump" -- it's on Amazon.com, book stores everywhere -- former speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich.
Look, there's been a long history -- all right, we can argue, OK, we're not dueling in this country. And we went through the `60s and this period of horrible assassination from Martin Luther King, Jr., and Robert F. Kennedy, Malcolm X, Kent State and all these other cases.
But in my lifetime, there's never been anything like this! They will not accept this president as duly elected. And I don't think it stops at all. Your thoughts.
You know how absurd that sounds?
We got two in two days.
But think of what the president tweeted out today. I'm being investigated for firing the FBI director by the man who told me to fire the FBI director--
-- in great specificity and detail in a strongly worded, what, two, two-and-a-half-page statement. That's insanity to me.
By the way, one poll is 50. But go ahead.
Yes. What do you make of--
What do you make of this assassination attempt, targeting Republicans this week?
We got to take a break. There's one metric out, over 12,000 times at least on Twitter talking about assassinating our president.
All right, we're going to have much more with the former speaker of the House, Newt Gingrich, right after the break.
And later tonight--
All right, so after months and months and months, breathlessly, endlessly pushing black helicopter tinfoil hat conspiracy theories, yes, the queen of propaganda media, Rachel Maddow, now saying it's actually possible the Trump campaign did not collude with Russia. Welcome on board! Michelle Malkin will have reaction on this busy breaking Friday news night tonight on "Hannity."
And welcome back to "Hannity" as we continue with the former speaker of the House. Newt Gingrich is with us.
Mr. Speaker, all right, so now you're the president. I want to go through this list. Loretta Lynch meets on the tarmac with Bill Clinton. Loretta Lynch then tells James Comey, Let's not call it investigation, it's only a little matter. Then Sara Carter and John Solomon come out with a blockbuster report that Comey confronts Lynch that she was never planning under any circumstances to indict Hillary, no matter the evidence said.
Where's the investigation into her?
All right, let -- let me ask this. So you've got Rosenstein, who we talked about earlier, recommends the firing of Comey. Now we're going to investigate the obstruction because the president fired Comey on their recommendation. Then you got Mueller. Let's see. He's hiring Hillary Clinton's attorney on the -- on the Clinton Foundation to deny Freedom of Information Act requests. Then you got all these other people. He's got 13 high-powered attorneys. One guy, I think, argued before the Supreme Court 100 times, and so many of them donated to Clinton and Obama.
Now, why do I think the deck is stacked? Should Mueller, should Rosenstein recuse themselves? To me, absolutely yes! And especially all of their connections to Comey, who leaked to get the special counsel!
Always do.
Yes. There's got to be a Scooter Libby.
Let me ask you this--
Why hasn't the president--
Yes. Why hasn't the president gotten rid of -- and I talked to people at the White House just this weekend, a number of people confirmed -- there are a ton of Obama holdovers. These people -- we haven't gotten to the leakers. We haven't gotten to those people that do this day in and day out. Why not?
I don't mean to laugh. That's sad!
Yes.
This has to be a priority.
All right.
Mr. Speaker--
-- you have your new book out. It's on Amazon.com. Go to I think it's Newtgingrich.org for your travel schedule. You're giving speeches and signing books.
-- and it's on Amazon -- Gingrich Productions. All right, thank you, sir.
And up next on his busy breaking news night this Friday night --
The biggest tinfoil hat conspiracy theorist in the country, the biggest of all, Rachel Maddow now backtracking on pushing the Trump Russia collusion lie, which she's been doing for months and months? Now you won't believe what she's saying. We'll tell you about that. We'll explain, get reaction, Michelle Malkin.
And later tonight, Matt Schlapp, Michael Myers weighing in on the deep state trying to take down the president. Also, Pat Buchanan on the long history of leftist hatred and violence as we continue.
This is a Fox News alert. More breaking news tonight. Fox News has in fact confirmed a report from The Daily Caller that the leftwing gunmen who targeted Republicans earlier this week in fact a list containing GOP congressman that was found. Also tonight, for months, yes, the person that has been leading the destroy-Trump, tinfoil hat, black helicopter conspiracy theories, Rachel Maddow, would fan the flames of the Trump- Russia collusion narrative. Watch this.
Big freakin' deal -- not true. And in a new interview with "Rolling Stone" magazine Maddow seems to be backtracking. When asked if she thinks it's quote, "possible the Trump campaign had no knowledge of Russian hacking," she replied, quote, "Oh, I absolutely believe it's possible. I mean, Russia clearly did this attack and there's lots of circumstantial evidence that points at lots of unexplained and surreptitious contact between Trump people and Russian people at the time that was happening, but circumstantial evidence is circumstantial evidence. This is a serious thing that needs to be chased down to the end."
Here with the reaction the host of "Michelle Malkin Investigates," Michelle Malkin. Even Chris Matthews after Comey testified said it's dead. This has gone on for nearly 11 months. What's your reaction to what's she says now after all that bad reporting?
She actually thinks she's a reporter, too.
And the think is they've done this for months and months. And what I'm having a hard time coming to grips with here, we have pointed out every Democrat, Mark Warner and Joe Manchin and Dianne Feinstein and then Clapper and Comey and Brennan and Rogers and everybody, no evidence of collusion. But yet they still keep going with the innuendo. And it's gone on for months, and months, and months. How do they get away with basically lying? That's what it is to their audience, and creating this breathless hysteria that, oh, maybe impeachment is around the corner. We've got him tonight. And then we've got him the next night, and then we got him next night. Never a retraction, never honesty.
Of course they pay all the money and now they pick their favorite leftists, leftwing tinfoil hat conspiracies, black helicopter conspiracy pushing hosts to say the most trusted name in news. But we are fair and balanced here.
The people are getting -- we're reporting things nobody else does. We're looking at Loretta Lynch, Hillary Clinton, the deep state, things that other people are not. And I know we will over time as usual be proven to be right.
Michelle Malkin, thank you so much for being with us.
All right, coming up, talking about the deep state. Guess what, it's out to get the Trump administration. How bad is it? How dangerous is it? Mike Meyers on the left, Matt Schlapp on the right will react. And also, more breaking news tonight.
Kellyanne Conway earlier today talking about just how vicious and vile the left in this country has become. Patrick J. Buchanan joins us with a history lesson on the left and their anger, and a column out detailing this leftist hatred. That and more as "Hannity" continues this busy Friday night.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So President Trump has called the special counsel investigation of the Russian collusion story the single greatest witch hunt in American political history. Robert Mueller remains special counsel despite he and his team having massive conflicts of interest like Mueller's close relationship with former FBI director James Comey and the fact that three members of his team donated to Democrats. Oh, and by the way, they even hired, yes, one of Hillary Clinton's lawyers. We've been saying on this program it's time for him to recuse himself.
Joining us now with reaction, from the American Conservative Union, Matt Schlapp, and from the New York Civil Rights Coalition Mike Meyers. You know, Mike, we've been friends a long time. You call yourself a liberal. You're not a liberal.
You're not a liberal. You're not.
So you're like with Alan Dershowitz.
And not caring about civil liberties, the constitution, not caring about the Fourth Amendment protections that we have against unreasonable search and seizure.
You know, there's just a few, Matt, like Mike Meyers, and Alan Dershowitz. He and I didn't get along a lot over the years, but he's been so dead on factually, legally accurate in all of this. Where are the rest of -- where are liberals like Mike and Dershowitz?
Last word, Matt.
Well said. All right, guys, thank you both.
As we continue on this breaking Friday news edition on "Hannity."
Kellyanne Conway explaining just how vicious the leftwing hate has become in this country. Patrick J. Buchanan joins us with a history of leftwing hate. That's next.
That was Kellyanne Conway earlier today describing the vile language coming from left today. My next guest has a column out that details the long history of vicious rhetoric and violent behavior coming from the left in America. Joining us now to explain all of this, author of "Nixon's White House Wars," Patrick J. Buchanan is with us. Good to see you. I love your knowledge of history. You were in the Nixon White House, Reagan White House. You've been around the block. You've been in crossfire. You've been at the forefront of passionate debate, Pat Buchanan. You are a pioneer. But have you ever seen it this bad as you look through that history?
I always go back to the predictable talking points every election cycle, racist, sexist, homophobic, misogynistic, Islamaphobic, xenophobic. By the way, Pat, you might have been called one or two of those names over the course of your long career as I have been. But to me, I think more than anything what it tell, now it's at a new low. Now it's worse than ever.
I guess it's just this whole thing. Then you have the Occupy movement, now you've got a violent aspect of this. Then you've got now the targeted assassination. What was your reaction to the targeted assassination of these Republicans in Alexandria now far from where you are, Pat?
Then the Weather underground, Ayers and Dohrn. All right, Pat, good to see you. We better pay attention, because this is not a healthy environment in any way. All right, Patrick J. Buchanan, thank you.
When we come back, we need your help, a very important Friday night, breaking news night, "Question of the Day" is straight ahead.
All right, time for our "Question of the Day," a very simple one. Is the left of America trying to destroy the president's agenda and America in the process? In other words we don't get people out of poverty, off food stamps, back in the labor force? Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
That's all the time we have left on this evening. Hope you'll join us. Hope you have a great weekend. Remember, always fair and balanced, and we'll see you back here Monday.

show#: 252  ***************************************************
 
show#: 253  ***************************************************
 So powerful, so necessary. We all need to come together like the people in that crowd did one hour before that massacre. They weren't Republicans or Democrats, liberals or conservatives, Americans singing "God Bless America."
Now, I'm going to get back to my monologue in just a second. There is a press conference going on at this hour. We want to get the latest information. We will head to that and come back to our monologue.
All right. As you just saw, police wrapping up that news conference. Now, they did release some body cam footage and we will analyze that. We are really rocking it as we speak. Now, here's what they just told us in the presser. The suspect, he fired 12 bursts. The shooting rampage lasted between nine and 11 minutes and had devices attached to 12 separate weapons to allow those guns to fire like automatic weapons, in other words, they were altered. The government had two cameras in the hallway and one in the rooms' people. Authorities were also saying that they recovered 47 weapons from three separate locations.
Now, as we were explaining, you know, this is what exactly is happening. And as we get more details, we will bring it to you. In the beginning of that monologue, I just played as we were going to break how one hour before this all took place, Big & Rich were on stage. And they had everybody in the crowd, almost 30,000 people holding up their cellphones in light and unison, singing "God Bless America."
But yet, you saw within literally hours the left politicizing this event before any facts were known. Let me start with the late-night comedians for example. They were lining up literally at the chance to exploit this incident for political purposes when what they should have been doing is what we plead to you earlier in the program. Watch this.
This is beyond shameful, making political statements, calling for things like gun control less than 24 hours after something like this happens, while people are grieving, while victims are still in the hospital, before we have any and all facts. It is utterly disgraceful. Mothers and fathers in hospitals hoping and praying their children who are literally fighting for their lives are going to be OK.
Really, late-night hosts? You can't resist the urge for one night, put aside your radical left-wing policies? And by the way, you are often so wrong about the issue. It's sad.
Then you have celebrities taking to Twitter, they make their cheap political points. Lena Dunham for example. Oh, "No way not to politicize this tragedy. It's about gender and race as well as access to guns, considering it's random is comforting and dangerous."
Lady Gaga, oh, the great political philosopher she is. She writes, "Prayers are important but @SpeakerRyan and @realDonaldTrump, oh, blood is on the hands of those who have power to legislate." And she writes "#gun control, act." Hey, Lady Gaga, where you when all the violence in Chicago was happening? Gigi Hadid. "It sickens me, the ease with which a terrorists can be sold a gun. Is the ease, really worth all these lives? This needs to stop." Or Sophia Bush tweeting, "Dear Donald, f*** you for this. Truly, sincerely, America." Alyssa Milano tweeting, "Doesn't our children's safety mean more than your right to own weapons that can kill on a mass scale? F*** you, NRA."
Now, here is the hypocrisy. Celebrities are completely out of touch. Now, shouldn't they be focused now -- they are also carrying on victims and their families -- instead of trying to score cheap political points against the president and advancing their left-wing ideology?
By the way, here is the hypocrisy. They want to disarm all of us, all of you, the American people, prevent you from having the right to protect yourself, protect your family. How many of them live in expensive multi-million-dollar gated communities? How many of them have armed security any time they leave their house? So, the attacks from these celebrities shouldn't surprise anybody.
Look what "Saturday Night Live" this past weekend said about President Trump. Take a look at this.
Really? You have to wonder, with ever say that about Barack and Michelle? Here's Hillary Clinton also lashing out in her effort to exploit what happened. Watch her.
No, read John Lott. More guns, less crime. She waited a whopping nine hours before she is started playing politics with what happen here. She is just bitter and angry and frankly disgrace ex-presidential candidate, beyond disgraceful.
Other than Democrats they are also following this example. So predictable. Watch this.
Do you want to know what pathetic looks like? Look at these tweets. A Democratic elected congressman, his name is Seth Moulton, "As after Orlando, I will not be joining my colleagues in a moment of silence on the House floor that just becomes an excuse for inaction. Now is not a moment for silence. It is a time for action." Really, Congressman? You are that petty, you are that bitterly partisan that you cannot even bow your head and honor those that died and those that are fighting for their lives in hospitals? You are pathetic.
He wasn't alone. Democratic Congresswoman Katherine Clark also refusing to honor victims with a simple moment of silence. These liberals, these people on the left are so blinded by their hatred of the president, the Second Amendment, anyone conservative, they can't even focus on what is important.
Just like these celebrities, Democratic politicians are massive hypocrites when it comes to guns. Right? Don't they have their own armed police force just to keep them safe? Most Americans don't have that.
And like a lot of celebrities and all these late-night hosts that have paid their millions of dollars, you want to have a debate? That is fine. Facts aren't on your side. Take a look at this headline, John Lott, Jr. "Gun control in Europe is almost total. It hasn't stopped mass shooting attacks like Las Vegas." And then Lott points out that Europe has some of the strictest gun control laws on the planet yet there are still mass shootings there.
And by the way, the left are always morally outraged over these mass shootings, but do you even remember them talking about the out-of-control violence, the unprecedented violence in Chicago when Barack Obama was president? Let's look at the videotaped statistics here.
During the Obama presidency, there were over 3,900 murderers in his adopted hometown. Did you hear anything from the left, the late-night comedians, Lady Gaga, the genius that she is? Or what about the more than 18,000 people shot in Chicago just during the last six years of Obama's presidency? Did anybody on the left, all these people out there, did any of them go to Chicago to try to help those people being shot? We listed their names on this show. Take a look at the side of your screen. We will show you the victims of this shooting here in Vegas throughout the hour. This is the only thing that matters right now, honoring those victims, supporting their families, praying for their recovery. That should be the main focus of the moment.
Now is not the time to make cheap political points, to divide the country and push your cheap political agenda and try to use the tragedy to further a bitter partisan agenda. How about the country can come together like they did an hour before this terrible shooting and nearly 30,000 people with their cell phones in the air, lights bright as the lights can see, singing "God bless America."
Joining us now, retired Vegas Metropolitan police officer, SWAT officer Bob Lewis is with us. Bob's daughter was at the concert Sunday night. He rushed down to the shooting scene to find her. Also with us, Iraq war veteran, Colin Donohue, Colin was attending the festival on Sunday night when the gunman opened fire. Also joining us, Tony Robone his son Nick shot in the chest. Currently in ICU at the hospital. Nick's friend, Philly he is also with us. He was at the concert with Nick. He helped save Nick's life. We are also joined by Russell Bleck, who was at the concert and taking videos of this madness after the shootings started. Let me start with you, your son was shot on the chest, thank you for being here, how is he doing?
You said because he was such a big strong kid that his muscle actually helped save his life?
That make you a little proud. Will there be any lasting injury?
By the way, thank god.
He is a hockey coach? I played hockey growing up. I'm a big fan.
Billy, you are his best friend. If you are a hero and a paramedic, right?
He is the paramedic. Ok. But you helped him. You helped save your buddy's life. That is got to make you feel good for the rest of your life.
Thank you for what you did here. Your daughter was there. You hear about this. He served on the police force for how long?
You know how dangerous the situation is.
Let me guess -- dad went running.
You went and got your gun?
Scary.
Colin you served in Iraq. What does it say? Operation?
You are at the concert, you know the sound, you knew it immediately.
You were able to help.
I can't tell you are in the military. Roger.
Thank you for your service. If you were able to help save lives.
Russell, you were there. If you taking videos. What were you thinking as you are watching the horror unfold?
Right back here.
Listen, you are a hero. You got out safely, thank God. Hoping other people. Thank god you were there for your buddy. I'm glad your daughter is all right a we are still praying for your son, the UNLV hockey coach. You've got to be proud of him too.
You are right, everyone. Absolutely.
I've met so many. Amazing.
You represent them. Going to get back to the video in a second. We saw that and heard the scanner. The cops say we are going to have a breach. The guy they are breaching has a machine gun.
Everyone else's scattering and they are running to save lives.
Thank you for 27 years of service. Guys, thank you. Thank you all for joining us. Moments ago, the authorities had this press conference right here in Vegas. Which did shed new light on the gunman. His name is Stephen Paddock and used this to carry out his heinous crime and let us watch this.
Joining us now, Fox News Senior Correspondent Adam Housley. Wade Tyler Millward, A reporter for the Vegas Journal Review. I always see on satellite -- I don't get to see you. You have really good news that you are breaking tonight. Tell us what you found out.
You also spent time in the neighborhood where this guy was. What can you tell us about it?
Millionaire, played a lot.
Did he talk to neighbors a lot?
There some story here, guys.
Maybe that is how he got all the guns in to the room.
Yes that is probably a good point. But they did know him?
Let's go back to the girlfriend. Obviously she is not a person of interest. She is going to land in Los Angeles tonight. Good reporting on your part. We got this money -- they wouldn't answer at the press conference. There is some story. I've been seeing pictures online. I am very wary about what I'm saying. I'm reading at a lot of different things out here. That he had been to the Philippines with her. I'm sure you've seen the same photos online but we have not confirmed it.
A little bit of insight from the other relative that was uncomfortable. I guess that was her brother? The relative but said he wasn't comparable just being around him.
In the age and they have social media, granted he is in a different generation -- you can get something about somebody. It's like he is a ghost. This guy. I think there's a bigger story we're going to find out. Guys, good to see you. I don't get to see you much. Thank you for your good reporting. Next time -- no tie. We are outside. All right Geraldo Rivera was on the ground in Puerto Rico covering the devastation there for over a week. And just a few hours ago, he caught up with President Trump while he was touring the damage for an exclusive interview you will only see tonight, right here on "Hannity." watch this and we will come back to Vegas.
Live with more on this exclusive interview with the President in Puerto Rico, our friend Fox News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera. Geraldo, here's my main question for you, 15,000 people on the ground between the military and FEMA and only government workers. Food, water, medicine, supplies. The Navy was there. We got top military commanders from Afghanistan and Iraq there. I mean pretty unbelievable stuff. Do you like my hairdo? And the attack by only one mayor got picked up by everybody and it wasn't true. What did the President say about that?
Geraldo, you were on the ground I think 7, 8, 9 days, I promise you on Twitter I will match with whatever you've made -- I'm sorry, I was watching you, I am proud of you. I will match you a dollar for dollar. Samaritan purse, whatever you like. Done. Congratulations on the exclusive with the President. Thank you for sharing it with us, we appreciate it. Joining us now live on the ground in Vegas, three friends of mine. Recording artist Kaya Jones, she was on the stage one hour with Big and Rich just before the massacre. Also with Fox News legal analyst our friend Bob Massi and a national spokesperson for CORE and conservative commentator Niger Innis. We all saw this video. I actually played it earlier in the show. This is one hour and 10 minutes. We won't play it but -- they played it earlier. I put it on hannity.com. Everything single person, Kaya, in this crowd is holding up their - I mean --every light. Look at this. 30,000 people.
You were on stage with Big and Rich.
I think Big and Rich are friends with everybody. They really are. Bob, Niger, you guys have been both longtime friends. You know everybody.
You always try to put yourself in this position -- Niger, I've known your father before he passed away. God bless him. Such a hero to me. All those years, we did these dinners together. Martin Luther King dinners.
Your children are in the hospital, hanging onto life. On your knees crying and praying that they will survive this thing. You see what might have been their last moment or for those who lost their kids. You are on stage watching this. It just breaks your heart.
You have not slept. You are having trouble dealing with this.
I can't believe, Niger. It is like this guy is a ghost. There is something here, people just don't -- this was premeditated.
Big gamblers get their rooms comped.
You are an attorney. If see people lost a lot of money.
Is this a normal reaction?
20 in his room.
This is Vegas right here. Three great people. We are praying for your City.
Thank you. That is all the time we have left. As always, thank you for being with us. We will not be like the destroy-Trump-media and politicized things. We will be live from Las Vegas tomorrow night. The president will be here with first responders. Stay tuned, Fox News Channel will continue with Brian Kilmeade next.
Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 254  ***************************************************
 Now, Joe and these other people, they're just despicable, they're pathetic, and it's exactly what you would expect from MSNBC, where it's all tinfoil hat conspiracy all the time.
And then there's CNN. Take a look at this headline. "Molly Ball can't care: Trump family just playing 'victim' with beheading photo." And here's the video.
Really? An ISIS-like holding up a severed head and an 11-year-old kid seeing it?
And then there's" Senator Compassion" himself, Al Franken. Well, he said, OK, Griffin crossed the line and made a horrible mistake, but he accepts apologies. And he's still standing by her. Look at this headline, "Sen. Franken still plans to appear with Kathy Griffin after outcry over photo shoot." And listen to what he said.
Yes, he accepts apologies, except if you're a conservative, like Rush Limbaugh.
Here's my take on this, and there's a deeper story going on. This latest despicable display -- in this case, Kathy Griffin -- it's only the latest example in a long list of attacks that the left has launched against the president and specifically against members of his family -- his wife, his daughter, his 11-year-old son.
Now, as we often show you, liberals and the destroy Trump media viciously wake up, go after President Trump day after day, night after night, pushing all of their bizarre conspiracy theories, launching all kinds of vile personal attacks.
But it goes much deeper than that. The left knows no boundaries when it comes to the president's family. Now, they've gone after the first lady, Melania Trump. They've gone after all the children, Ivanka, Don Jr., Eric, Tiffany and their spouses, and of course, the president's 11-year-old son, Barron. And you can criticize the president, frankly, all you want, fair game, although some of it has been sick and obsessive and bizarrely, breathlessly, you know, conspiratorial. But really, an 11-year-old kid?
Does this not expose a massive double standard when it comes to the left? Nine times out of 10, they can cross the line and they don't face any consequences. There's no outrage, no backlash. Conservatives don't say they need to be fired and boycotted. They're allowed to do and say whatever they want, whenever they want, especially when it comes to smearing and attacking conservatives, which is probably why Kathy Griffin thought it was OK to do that in the first place.
Now, coming up later tonight, we're going to have much more on this effort to call out the double standard and the attacks against me and the boycotts against me and the efforts to silence conservatives and liberal fascism and Brian Maloney and Melanie Morgan, who created the Media Equality Project to fight back against these efforts to silence conservative voices, they will be here to explain that they're just getting started. They're giving a preview of what's coming in the weeks ahead.
But first, let me show you just a couple examples of what I'm talking about. NBC is supposed to be a news organization. NBC News with Tom Brokaw and Brian Williams, et cetera, right? Remember all of that? John Chancellor.
Well, NBC's Rachel Maddow, one of the worst offenders when it comes to pushing -- as a matter of fact, she is the champion of pushing unhinged, bizarre conspiracy theories. Now, here's her back in 2010 trying to explain away then-Congressman Anthony Weiner's graphic, lewd tweet, making excuses for "Little Anthony."
Ah, NBC News! And of course, there was also the time that Maddow theorized the Republicans may be pushing assassinations in an actual political tactic that they're using. Really? Watch this.
Now, as we were able to show you last night, these examples is barely scratching the surface when it comes to the crazy, insane conspiratorial things that have been said over at NBC News and Rachel Maddow's program.
And also tonight, failed Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, she continues to lead the way in pushing these conspiracy theories about why she lost the election. Earlier today, during an interview at a tech conference, she gave a very long list of excuses, blaming everybody but herself? Watch this.
By the way, five foreign intelligence agencies got ahold of top-secret information and special access program information because she had a computer server that she shouldn't have had in a mom-and-pop shop bathroom closet. And Hillary, there's no evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians! And we can't forget that Hillary's been pushing other bizarre conspiracy theories for years. Remember? She blamed all of her husband's problems on a vast right-wing conspiracy.
Now, here to react to all this, the editor-in-chief of Lifezette, FOX News contributor, nationally syndicated talk show host, radio talk show host, Laura Ingraham.
All right, let's first start with -- I want to ask a legal question because I had a couple of friends of mine that are lawyers. If you have a picture of a president's severed head like you're an ISIS fighter and you just beheaded him, could that be interpreted as a threat against the president?
Well, let me ask this...
All right, so TMZ reports that Barron Trump saw this. Any 11- year-old kid is going to be upset by it. But the left's silence -- I mean, they claim that they have a monopoly of compassion on gays, lesbians, women's rights, and -- and they always accuse Republicans of being racist and sexist.
How do they stay silent when the first lady has been attacked a she has, Ivanka as she has been attacked? By the way, you and Kellyanne and you have both been, Lara Trump, who's going to join us later. How do they justify never standing up for you guys or never standing up for my right to free speech when they're the champions of free speech?
If any conservative had attacked Malia and Sasha that way, and God forbid they ever...
... would...
Never work again.
And that also get to -- you know, or if any conservative woman that was running for president took money from Sharia countries that abuse women, gays, lesbians, Christians and Jews -- and they -- again, they claim that they have the monopoly of compassion for these groups -- the same with freedom of speech.
You and I have watched -- we have watched a lot of our colleagues -- you know, Alinsky-like tactics, isolated, targeted and hurt...
... by so-called free speech liberals.
And finally...
Hey, Laura, conservatives have gotten fired...
... because of -- conservatives have gotten fired and shows have been damaged significantly because of these organized attacks because they don't like what people say.
All right, Laura Ingraham, as always, thank you for being with us.
And speaking of fighting fire with fire and stopping the conservative scalping and liberal fascism, when we come back, Brian Maloney, Melanie Morgan. They're the co-founders of the Media Equality Project, say they're only warming up fighting back. And they'll explain what they're planning to do next to stand up for conservatives' rights not to be attacked by liberal fascists.
That, and also, CNN continues with nonstop anti-Trump coverage. Now, later tonight, you're going to see the lowlights from just the past few weeks of this hard-hitting Clinton News Network. Monica Crowley, Geraldo Rivera join us.
And the president's daughter-in-law, Lara Trump, will check in and give us the family's reaction to Kathy Griffin's crude, despicable, sick picture straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So last night, we told you about a brand-new campaign started by Melanie Morgan and Brian Maloney. Now, they founded the Media Equality Project, which aims to stop left-wing attacks to silence conservative voices. They say it's time to, quote, "stop the scalping."
Now, today, Brian Maloney published an article entitled, "Coming Attractions. Media Equality Project is just warming up." The article goes on to say, quote, "(INAUDIBLE) the Media Equality Project. Rachel Maddow is the only beginning of our effort to expose the media's huge double standard. Coming up next, "Morning Joe," Brian Stelter, Steve Colbert, Mike Smerconish, Don Lemon, Lawrence O'Donnell, Anderson Cooper, George Stephanopoulos, and much more."
And back with us tonight, the founders of the Media Equality Project, Melanie Morgan and Brian Maloney. Guys, good to see you both.
And you have this Web site. I've head you got millions and millions of people now that have engaged in this effort. And this is not a boycott. This is an effort that all these efforts by the left to isolate, target and silence conservatives, you're saying enough is enough. Explain what you're doing.
Yes. And by the way, I mean, as I pointed out in the last segment, I mean, look, I've always have been a believer in free speech. I've always resisted boycotts. This isn't a boycott. And what you're saying is OK, if you guys are going to use these tactics as a mean of silencing conservative voice, well, it's going to be used against you.
I'll be -- I was kind of shocked when I saw the bizarre, unhinged champion of conspiracy theories, Rachel Maddow. But you also have, for example, what happened with Kathy Griffin today. And then you have, you know, somebody like Steve Colbert. Remember? This is what Steve Colbert had said.
All right, it's all in the name of comedy, but it wasn't funny, and he used words that nobody would use. Like Bill Maher wants to be funny, and he makes incest jokes about the president of the United States and his daughter, or what Barron Trump, then a 10-year-old, now 11, has had to endure, what Melania Trump has had to endure, Brian.
Well, I mean, the saddest story that I read, and it was a TMZ report, Harvey Levin's site -- that, in fact, Barron Trump had seen this. All right, so you put up on your site "Preview of coming attractions," Melanie, and you listed all these people that I mentioned. What does that mean?
And Brian...
Thank you. And I am appreciative and humbled. It's funny because the people that run that site -- I've now read so much -- they have said the most outrageous things. There's so much information about them, and I suspect maybe at some point, you'll be reporting on it.
But Brian, I guess I ask you this last question here. So you're are saying to people, If you can't -- if you want to keep conservative voices -- because I believe that this is a threat to silence, shut down the FOX News Channel, silence and shut down talk radio hosts. One by one, they're going to try and pick us all off. And they've been doing this for years, the two outlets where you get alternative voices, opinions and information. Can they be successful, or does this stop it? And you won't stop until they stop it.
Guys, thank you. And how do people get...
... in touch with you, Melanie, Mediaequalizer...
... .com.
All right. And up next tonight right here on "Hannity"...
CNN now reporting that according to their sources, President Trump is gaining weight. Talk about hard-hitting news. Now, we're going to show you other lowlights from the network's recent coverage. It is so beyond the pale. We'll get reaction from Monica Crowley, Geraldo Rivera.
And also tonight, President Trump's daughter-in-law, Lara Trump. She responds to the vicious, vile, hateful stunt of Kathy Griffin and how it is impacting her family and particularly Barron Trump straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So CNN has now cut all ties with Kathy Griffin over her vicious and vile photo shoot depicting a decapitated President Trump with blood all over him. Now, let's not forget the constant offensive coverage that President Trump receives from fake news CNN on a daily basis, including last night. Look at this headline from Mediaite, "Angry, isolated, gaining weight? CNN's Gloria Borger reports on Trump's emotional state." Now watch this.
How do these people live with themselves? Anyway, now this is only the latest example of the Clinton News Network's deplorable coverage of the president. For example, remember the hard-hitting investigation into ice cream gate? "CNN reports Trump gets two scoops of ice cream, everyone else gets one." Watch this.
There's hard-hitting reporting. Then there was the time the network questioned the president's mental capacity. "Actual CNN panel discussion: Is Trump competent enough to be the president?" Would they ever do this to Obama? Watch this.
And of course, there has been a lot of name-calling, including this tirade. Van Jones -- "Trump is President Snowflake." Remember he called this a "white-lash."
Actually most of the snowflakes work at CNN and NBC.
Then there was this very disgusting commentary, quote, "Anderson Cooper to Jeffrey Lord: You'd defend Trump if he 'took a dump on his desk.'" Really, Anderson, really?
Joining us now, conservative commentator Monica Crowley, Fox News correspondent at large Geraldo Rivera.
Look, I covered Obama tough. I was tough, but it was a lot more substantive than this nonsense we see daily. It seems like -- I think Newt Gingrich is right. They wake up every morning saying how are we going to get him today? What are we going to pick on today?
And another point, Geraldo, too, Monica is on to something here. At the very least they think they can hit and punch and distract and distort and stay on offense. At the very least in their minds they stop his agenda. And if they stop his agenda, then maybe that puts the House at risk in 2018. Maybe that creates an opportunity for impeachment. But God knows no reason at this point at all, but they've been talking about it from day one.
He gently --
You get the last 30 seconds, Monica.
All right, guys, good to see you both, and thank you for your help. It really means a lot to me.
And coming up, the Trump family viciously attacked by Democrats and members of the destroy-Trump media. The president's daughter-in-law Lara Trump is here to speak out with reaction. And how has this impacted the president's 11-year-old son?
And then later President Trump expected to announce he will pull out of the Paris climate agreement. Why is that agreement bad for you and America? Chris Horner will tell you, straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So Kathy Griffin's vicious, vile attempt at so-called humor -- not funny -- in a recent photo shoot, holding a severed head that looks like President Trump, kind of like ISIS fighter after holding a beheaded individual that they just took their head off, only the latest vicious attack by the left. International the entire Trump family has been subjected to these horrible attacks by Democrats and members of the mainstream media.
Donald Trump, Jr., last night tweeted this about Kathy Griffin's vile so-called joke, quote, "Disgusting, not surprising. This is the left today. They consider this acceptable. Imagine a conservative that did this to President Obama."
Joining us now with reaction, President Trump's daughter-in-law Lara Trump. I think the saddest part of this this, Lara, reading and watching this is the reaction of the president's youngest son, Barron. And do you know, that TMZ report I assume is true.
Let's start with the horrific things that have been said about a then 10, now 11-year-old kid. Leave the kid alone. It's really vicious. Or what has been said about our first lady. Or what has been said about Ivanka Trump. Now the vicious attacks against Jared, seems like deep state leaks again. Then you have got Don and Eric. You've been attacked. You are expecting your first child. And everybody else around the president, anybody that likes the president, it seems, is subjected to this. I've never seen it this bad. As a family, have you talked about it, and how are you dealing with all of it?
I am watching -- in my case, you have liberals who claim they are the greatest advocates, champions of freedom of speech. They're not. Here Ivanka, Melania attacked, you've been attacked. And I have not heard a peep out of any prominent Democrat saying, OK, can we please stop attacking these women because it's so vile and vicious?
And then you got Hillary -- they're such hypocrisy. They're not champions of free speech. They take money from sharia countries that persecute and abuse women, kill gays and lesbians, persecute Christians and Jews people. They buy silence from people like Hillary, and not a peep. I think I'm the only person in the country that points out the hypocrisy. And look at, for example, Ivanka, look at the horrible things Bill Maher said about her and she can't promote her recent book.
Yes. All right, Lara Trump, I am sorry that your family has to go through that. All the best, and congratulations on the baby. We wish you the best. Tell Eric I said hi.
And coming up, President Trump expected to pull out of the Paris climate agreement. So is this the right thing to do? We are going to examine this. We'll do an investigation. Chris Horner is next straight ahead.
Welcome back to "Hannity." So back in 2015, then President Obama along with 195 other countries signed a climate agreement in Paris. Now on the campaign trail then candidate Trump promised to review the deal, and he tweeted today, quote, "I will be announcing my decision on the Paris accord over the next few days. Make America great again."
Joining us now with reaction, senior fellow at the Competitive Enterprise Institute, Chris Horner. Chris, this would be a really bad idea. You have studied this topic more than anybody I know and you've been an outspoken critic against the hysteria that's preached by Al Gore and the left. Why is this a bad deal?
What would it do? How would it impact --
I thought it was all finished. Anybody like us, we're just climate deniers. But it went from literally global cooling and the next ice age to global warming, and now they just have broad climate change and, of course, they even had to in some instances we know they manipulated data. All right, Chris Horner, thank you.
When we come back, a very important "Question of the Day" is straight ahead as we continue.
Welcome back to "Hannity." All right, time for our "Question of the Day" tonight. Do you think the president should pull out of the Paris climate agreement? Absolutely. Go to Facebook.com/SeanHannity, we want to hear from you, @SeanHannity on Twitter, let us know what you think.
That's all the time we have left this evening. And if we're lucky, sadly for you liberal snowflakes, if we're lucky, we'll be back here tomorrow night. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

show#: 255  ***************************************************
 After all these months, no evidence of collusion? And by the way, that was not the only major revelation from the former director, and that's Director Brennan. When asked about the propaganda media's reporting that President Trump shared classified information with the Russians in the Oval Office, he admitted the same thing. Watch this.
We also have President Obama's former director of national intelligence, James Clapper, back in March -- he was on the all-important "Meet the Press" show -- saying the same thing. Watch this.
On top of that, key Democrats -- this is my favorite -- Congresswoman Maxine Waters also -- you know, the one leading -- one of the leading voices to impeach President Trump -- have all had to admit and come clean and say the same thing! And they've seen no evidence, no evidence of Russia collusion. Take a look.
No evidence, Maxine Waters, Dianne Feinstein, all those people? Here's the serious part. This is what's so alarming about all this and why I am now calling this the biggest media scandal in the history of our republic. All of the facts that we just laid out for you have been completely ignored by the destroy Trump media. These people are impervious to the truth. They avoid it like the plague. They'd rather push a total, complete fabrication made-up conspiracy theory, and that's what's going on in the country right now. It's sort of like a version of insanity has broken out.
Take a look at how the media has pushed this false Russia collusion narrative, as Maxine Waters said, with no evidence.
This is now beyond disgraceful. And by the way, this is the same media that WikiLeaks proved colluded, colluded with the Hillary Clinton campaign. And they're willing to go so off the deep end and push these ridiculous theories that, again, we have no evidence for and so far have been proven false.
This is the question I want to ask tonight. President Obama and the Democrats are so concerned about Russian meddling. Well, then why did they wait until after President Trump was elected to make such a big deal about it? And by the way, if it was so alarming and so egregious and posed such a major threat to our democracy, well, don't you think they should have said something before the election?
Accordin to the former CIA director Mike Morell, it turns out that President Obama did nothing to stop Russian interference. And remember, there were also testimony out there that said they did it in previous elections and they'll do it in future elections. Take a look.
Finally tonight, let me say this. If it turns out that someone from inside the DNC, for example, somebody that supported Bernie Sanders or was frustrated there was collusion and corruption and a denial of a free and open election process as it relates to the primary with Hillary Clinton -- if something like that happened, wouldn't that blow the entire Russian collusion theory out the window? And isn't that something they may be afraid of?
Joining us now, the author of the new and best-selling book, "Understanding Trump," former speaker of the House, Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich.
Sorry about the long introduction. I just want your general thoughts here. And if there's ever evidence, I'm willing to look at it. But when everyone says no evidence, no evidence and it's gone on for thousands of TV hours, what am I to think of it? What do you think about it?
So...
Vladimir, yes.
Well, let's just walk through the scenario where maybe somebody in the Trump campaign said to Vladimir, If you have anything, release it.
Speculate.
OK. Or the Russians.
The Iranians.
You know, you're the only one that can beat me up like this because...
... I've known you forever.
Obama tried to unseat Prime Minister Netanyahu, influence an election. No -- no -- not one of these media outlets or Democrats care. I got a couple of important questions, really important, about what the president should do about his foreign trip and not a lot of legislative days left to get his agenda passed.
More with Newt Gingrich after the break.
And up next straight ahead tonight...
President Trump in Brussels earlier today talking about defeating terrorism.
And later, the investigation continues into the deadly terrorist attack at a concert in Manchester, England, targeting teenagers. Two U.S. defense officials are telling Fox News that the Manchester bomber spent three weeks in Libya before the deadly terrorist attack. We'll check in with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Dr. Gina Loudon. All of that and also tonight...
Snowflake Democratic congressman Al Green -- he's drafting articles of impeachment. For what? Herman Cain will react.
All right, that was President Trump earlier today in Brussels speaking about defeating ISIS and radical Islamic terrorism. He continues to show leadership on the world stage during his first foreign trip. And earlier today, while in Italy, President Trump -- he met with the pope in Vatican City. After meeting the president, he wrote on Twitter, quote, "Honor of a lifetime to meet his holiness, Pope Francis. I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue peace in our world."
Former Speaker of the House, Fox News -- and your wife's going to be the ambassador.
Yes. I want to talk about this foreign trip. And I want to talk about the limited legislative days left, and there's still -- you go to get health care done. And you got -- I think you got to get the economy done, and at least the wall funded because those three things will be pivotal in 2018.
Airspace opened up for the first time.
I -- when he characterized the conflict of battle, good versus evil, and drive them out, drive them out of your mosques, your places of worship. Drive them into the ground, basically. And he said it in that environment. And it was Saudi Arabia and over 50, as you point out, Arab leaders -- to me, it was such a tale of two presidents when you compare to the apology tour.
Do you know him?
Let me ask you about the Republican agenda. The health care bill has to get through the Senate conference, voted on again, on the president's desk. I think that is key. You mentioned some other things. I think regulation and energy -- regulation reform, opening up energy independence is key. But for the president, it's so important to keep his promises. But there's this distraction that I talked about in the last segment. How do you get back to focus?
They don't have one.
Isn't it so important that the president -- that something happens with the deep state leaking? Now, I have great respect for our intelligence community, but there are high-ranking people within the intelligence community...
OK.
Any caught leaks, out. Out. I agree.
What about the deep state?
They got to go!
Get rid of all of them!
All right, great to see you in studio. I never get to see you in studio. Good to see you.
All right, Mr. Speaker, thank you. And the book is called "Understanding Trump," Amazon.com and book stores soon everywhere, right?
Up next, two U.S. defense officials tell Fox News tonight that the Manchester bomber spent three weeks in Libya before the deadly terrorist attack. We'll check in with Judge Jeanine Pirro, Dr. Gina Loudon.
And also tonight...
Insane scare tactics that are being used to attack the president's budget proposal. Maria Bartiromo, Austan Goolsbee weight in. And the one and only Herman Cain in studio, very rare appearance, straight ahead.
You're xenophobic, you're homophobic, you're a racist.
That's what the left says.
Neither am I.
Dr. Loudon, it makes zero sense to me that people take this position. To me, they are gambling with the lives of the American people because they want to be so politically correct. How do we know that they're not bringing those values with them? How do you ascertain, by the way, what is in somebody's heart?
Dr. Loudon, it may be hard for people to understand. Even Great Britain has over 80 sharia courts, separate and apart from the British legal system. So the idea that what is happened in Europe can't happen here to me is absurd thinking. That is how little assimilation, and I'm not even talking about Germany or Belgium or France, has taken place in parts of the continent of Europe.
That's such a good point.
I have one last question. The fact that the president said get rid of them. Out.
Thank you both, appreciate it.
Up next on this busy news night tonight, right here on HANNITY --
Democrats, typical, predictable scare tactics to attack the president's budget. Up next, Maria Bartiromo, Austan Goolsbee are here. And also tonight --
Snowflake Democratic Congressman Al Green says he is drafting articles of impeachment. Really, for what? Herman Cain is here to react to that and more tonight on HANNITY.
Welcome back to HANNITY. So yesterday President Trump's budget was unveiled and the Democrats wasted no time deploying the predictable scare tactics, and they lost it. Watch this.
Yes, conservatives want dirty air, water, and they want to kill your children. They really do.
Here with reaction, the host of "Mornings with Maria," host Maria Bartiromo, and former Obama economic advisor that helped cause the economic mess, Austan Goolsbee. Let me go to Maria first, Austan, so I can give my audience some real information. It's typical, it's predictable, it happens every election season. Obama once said their plan is to dirty air and water. Now children are going to die. Is that true, Maria?
Is it a reduction in the rate of increase or a real small cut?
It's a reduction in the rate of increase. So increased spending, no cut. And they are reducing the rate of growth.
Austan, I always quote this and you hate it because it's true.
Your guy, your buddy, your friend, former president Obama -- former -- he would say, Republicans, you know, $9 trillion in debt. It's irresponsible. It's unpatriotic. Well, he accumulated more debt than every other president before him combined by the time he left office. Now, is reducing the rate of growth, is that going to kill children? Do you agree of the hyperbole from all your friends on the left?
You don't have emotions anyway? You have emotions when you're taking my money. Go ahead.
Oh, OK. So she's still getting an increase.
You need to make an image of President Trump you're your grandmother in a wheelchair and President Trump is throwing her over the cliff. That's what you are saying. It's such a crock.
I hate when you are reasonable and you're actually taking on your own parties lies. Back to Maria.
I love you, Austan. Say hi to your best friend. I don't know how she puts up with you.
Up next tonight on this busy HANNITY --
Anyway, mainstream media continues to question the legitimacy of Trump's presidency. We'll explain, fake news roundup segment, you don't want to miss it. And also tonight --
Democratic Congressman Al Green saying he is drafting articles of impeachment. Why? We'll find out. I'm sure it's really important. Herman Cain is with us.
Welcome back to HANNITY. Time for our to our very, very, very, very fake news roundup. Take a look at some of the latest examples of the destroy-Trump media questioning the president's patriotism, his faith, and suggesting that the show "House of Cards" is tame compared to the Trump White House. Didn't that guy in that thing kill somebody? Anyway, watch this.
These people are insane. Now, it's not just members of the mainstream media who are trying to destroy the presidency of Donald Trump. Democratic Congressman Al Green, articles of impeachment. Watch this.
Here now, former presidential candidate, FOX News contributor, longtime friend, you know him as 9-9-9-9-9, no one is ever going to forget that.
Good. How are you doing, my friend?
It's so over-the-top, crazy, insane, conspiratorial. And what do you make of it all?
Mika. By the way, she and Joe are engaged.
I congratulated them on Twitter.
I'm going to say note to producer, fake news roundup but x-out the 'fake' and put in 'false.'
It is.
Pretty amazing.
"Drive them out."
Next question, are you worried that the noise, the conspiracy, the deep state, the destroy-Trump media -- is there a real danger to the president that they could possibly try and drive him out of office?
I want to have barbeque at your place.
For what?
Is this Colonel Sanders and the original recipe?
I'm going to send you a smoker as a gift from me.
It's the best thing I've ever bought, the best thing ever. Master built smoker, oh, the greatest.
You're going to be on "FOX AND FRIENDS" tomorrow.
Good to see you in town.
I agree. Well said.
When we come back, a very important "Question of the Day."
Time for the "Question of the Day." So after this terrible, deadly Manchester attack, should liberals start supporting extreme vetting to make sure that they come and want to assimilate if you come from a country that has values that contradict our constitutional republic values?
Facebook.com/SeanHannity, @SeanHannity on Twitter.
That is all the time we have left this evening. Thank you for being with us. By the way, my Memorial Day weekend begins right now. I will see you back here Tuesday. And thank you to all of you and your families and the loved ones that gave their lives for our liberty and freedom to barbecue and drink beer. I'll see you Tuesday. Have a good weekend.
Copy: Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

